Information


Table of Contents URL: https://novelbin.me/novel-book/my-range-is-one-million#tab-chapters-title



Have you been targeted? Maybe, since you’ve been in his range all along. What else can you do but prepare yourself to be killed?





Chapter 1: Prologue




A raid group of fearless hunters walked along the pitch-black dark mountain path in the middle of the night. None of them could see anything up ahead but they continued on with their weapons armed and in hand.

“Found it. 500 meters towards that way… Nothing’s moving though…”

“Good…”

They can’t see anything through the darkness but, they held onto their heavy weapons and moved faster as soon as they heard the sound of the leader’s voice echoing from up ahead.

“We have to move faster. We have to take care of this tonight…”The leader commanded.

“Aren’t we just wasting time?” One of the hunters said with an impatient voice.

“Quiet, Chunghwan.” Another replied.

“Whatever.” He responded in a condescending tone.

The bickering didn’t end until they finally reached their destination. It was an empty and quiet area leaving them to nothing but the sounds of crickets singing through the night as soon as they walked silently. From the looks of it, it seemed that the monster must have already gotten away. Their raid group was made up of incredibly skilled hunters but they were still at risk for a dangerous situation.

“Something’s strange. Why isn’t it moving?” Asked a guy with with husky voice.

Another group member then replied,

“Shhh. Don’t make a sound… The monster must have escaped over that gate, it must have heard us coming. Let’s finish this quick. Jolhu… Miyeong, get into formation D.”

“Got it.” They answered at once.

They then spread across the ground that was covered in dead leaves trying not to make a sound while getting into formation. The path soon begun to grow narrow as they started to see something at the end of the valley path. It was curled up and sleeping, making it look like the shape of a giant boulder. Although they’ve all had lots of experience in hunting, it was nothing like they’ve ever seen before. It was huge and covered with shiny armor.

“Chunghwan!” A member of the group shouted.

“Already on it!” Chungwan said taking the lead with two more of the group’s members running along behind. He wore shiny grey armor and had his sword prepared in a holster on his hips. He quickly ran up ahead…

“Haahahah!!! Well, what do we have here…”

He got a glimpse of its scaly skin and drew his sword. Ready to test his strength against the monster. He then instantly struck it again and again… He soon started to feel tired after a couple of strikes that didn’t even make it flinch. He gave up feeling exhausted.

The others that rushed behind him finally caught up but immediately stopped in their tracks with a hint of confusion on their faces.

“What are you doing?!” One of them yelled from behind him.

“Wait!” Another added.

“What’s this?!” Chungwan said in surprise as he walked towards the scaly creature. It looked like a gigantic armadillo but with eight legs and three tentacles on its head. But there was also one arrow that was sticking out of it.

It was sticking out of its head. Daejeong saw it and reached for it.

“Um…Daejeong, I don’t think that’s a good idea…!”

Chunghwan said trying to warn him but he was too late as Daejeong’s hand was faster than his warning.

Daejeong then pulled the arrow from the monster’s head. It wasn’t and ordinary-looking arrow, It was a short and black. Daejeong looked at the arrow confused by its unique appearance.

“He was right.” He said to himself in a low voice.

The arrowhead had a broken tip. Arrow tips normally had a triangular shaped spade but the one he was looking at was covered with a black material that came from inside of the monster’s body. Its armor was shiny and clean. But, as he took a closer, he saw a little crooked handwriting on the monster’s armor.

“Hey, don’t touch it… If you were going to take it out then you should have done it slowly. What level is this monster anyway?” Chunghwan said.

There weren’t any traces of the arrows’ owner. There seemed to be a warning written on it but it was already too late to consider that as Daejeong had already taken it out and touched it. He then took a deep breath and looked around the area where the monster was slumbering.

“It looks like there’s just this one room…The inside is completely ragged…”

Jolhu said.

He was then called to use his knife to scrape samples from the hole of the monster that the arrow was pulled out of.

Miyeong watched them while feeling terribly anxious.

“Where are we going now?” Daejeong asked.

“It doesn’t matter, we still have today’s monster to deal with…” Answered the group’s leader.

“This wasn’t much of a successful mission.”

Said Daejeong who pulled the arrow out of the monster’s head with his bare hands.

“It’s getting cold. we have about 2 hours left to get back on time…”

“Gosh! I guess we have to hurry and just leave it here.”

“How about the others gathering things this late at night, they’re moving along well, right?” One of the members asked.

“I hope so. Damn.. Let’s just call it a day..” Daejeong said throwing the arrow on the ground venting his anger. But, that turned out to be a big mistake.

Bangg!

Something white, sharp and plastic passed by his head along with a huge gust of wind.

“Argh!”

Chunghwan then scream in pain placing his hands on his head as he sunk to the floor in pain. Luckily he was wearing a helmet so the injury wasn’t as bad as it could have been. But the pain was still nearly unbearable.

His scream alerted the others of the attack. They immediately got into action but stopped as they saw something on top of the monster’s head.

It was like a giant falcon. It had a strange red light coming from out of its entire body and it seemed to have grown almost 10 times bigger after it stood up. It was actually a well known monster that had the ability to create illusions upon its victims. The falcon’s body was clad in armor and there was a sign hanging from its neck that caught the group’s attention.

‘The second warning: Irritate it and deal with the consequences. -Owner, Bheak.’

“Damn it…”

He realized then why it attacked him in the first place making him feel frustrated because of his own carelessness. He looked into the sharp eyes of the giant monster as he slowly took a few timid steps away. He wanted to fight back but by the rumors he had heard, this monster was not something he wanted to mess with. He heard that a raid team attacked it while it was mad and lost most of their fingers as a warning to not bother it again. Or else.

That could have been just a rumor but, there was also good a chance that its owner would track them down and attack them as well if they irritated the monster. There was a saying that an arrow to the foot would make a third tier monster quiet. But they didn’t want to take such a big risk, they would rather have to calmly end the raid.

“Let’s go.”

Daejeong said and they all then went back without a sense of hesitation.

Although he was angry that all of their efforts went to waste, at least they were still alive.

He thought about what people said about the arrow’s owner and erased his prints off of it before leaving it behind…

Or else he could become his next target.

Prologue, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 2: A Flawless Archery Machine 1




A Flawless Archery Machine

“Jaehwang.”

“Yes, Director?”

“Your hand... how is it?”

Jaehwang lifted his right hand revealing his scars spanning from his fingers to his wrist and to the back of his hand. He made then gathered his hand into a fist and answered her question.

“The important thing is that it’s healing. The doctor said that it will take some time but I will recover soon and get my strength back.”

“That’s a relief.” The director said as she took a deep breath and leaned back into her chair.

She stared at Jaehwang who was sitting in right in front of her in a chair across from her desk. He was tall, muscular and had facial features that resembled those of ancient Greek gods. He was very handsome, well.. at least he used to be.

People used to call him an Archery Prince. He was a prodigy since elementary school and was also a part of the national team.

[A Flawless Archery Machine]

In middle school they would call him the ‘Archery Machine’.

He was gifted with great talent. Jaehwang would participate in every archery competition he could enter and he would set a new record every time even if he was up against older and more experienced archers. He was only getting better with time. People even started calling him the nation’s unbeatable archer.

Jaehwang was living the time of his life. That was until an unfortunate event changed his life forever. He was driving with his family one day when a drunk van driver went across the lane and hit them. He lost his face, two of his fingers, one of his eyes, and his parents.

And since that day, the world’s archery genius has lost confidence in his skills.

The worst thing that could happen to an archer was to lose his hand or fingers. He was lucky to be able to make it to the hospital where the doctors were able to stitch his fingers back on.

The accident happened at night on a dark and windy road, and he only arrived at the hospital around 12 AM. It was a miracle that he lived.

One of his uncles from his mother’s side took all of his family’s insurance money, sold their house, and disappeared without a trace. He had cut all ties with his uncle when he found out about it.

“The anniversary of your parents’ death is soon, right?”

“Yeah.”

The director knew Jaehwang’s parents. She didn’t know his father well, but she knew his mom. They were considered legends in the archery world 10 years ago. His dad was an archery master like his mother. People looked up to him for so many years and they soon had Jaehwang who had inherited the same talent.

Since the day he was born, his father gave him a bow as a toy that he would play with all the time. He carried a bow with his little hands before he could even learn how to walk and talk. He has been pulling bow strings since he was three, and by the time he reached the age of six, he was already hitting targets from 500 meters away.

“The national competition... Are you thinking of participating?”

“Yeah. If I enter the medal contention ranking in the next meeting, then that will be enough.”

Jaehwang did not hesitate when he gave his answer. But the director already knew what he would say...

“I see.”

With an injured hand and eye, he thought that he would be unable to hold a bow and arrow anymore. But after one year, he suddenly returned to school and his skills that unbelievably fell went up along with his rankings to the point that he could even now compete in the national competition.

There could only be one winner. All he needed to do to overcome his injury was to change his way of shooting as well as his stance. To adjust to his right hand’s condition, he just has to train his remaining hand more

“Jaehwang.”

“Yes?”

“About the competition... How about resting?”

“?” Jaehwang kept his mouth shut, unsure of what she was implying. There’s no way that she could be saying what he thought she’s saying. He thought that she wanted him to enter the team selection.

“You seem to be having a hard time. I’m worried. You said that you ranked second in the last meeting... It seems that your skills have been failing because of your condition.”

Jaehwang wriggled his eyes after hearing what the director said. His skills have actually been falling since before the accident. But...

“The maximum score is 360. It takes a lot to be number one.”

“Weren’t you ranked 2nd last time?” The director continued to talk and it felt as if her words went through his ear and left out on another.

“It was a new meeting record. The person who ranked first only had 1 point more, right?” What Jaehwang said was completely right. His skills were in decline but, he couldn’t compare himself to his talent before the accident.

Besides, focusing on his recovery was his current and utmost priority.

It was not like he hasn’t lost everything, everyone still praises him.

“Huwu... Jaehwang.”

“Yeah?”

“You’ve only been resting for a year, you should get some more rest.”

“I’ve already finished resting. Well... I’d say that my condition is about 90 percent”

Jaehwang listened without saying anything back...

“That’s it! That’s it! You have to do something for yourself. That dog-like uncle of yours is a problem, and you haven’t even gone to the army yet but you rested for a year!

The director yelled, and they both sat in silence for a moment.

“Director...”

“What...”

Jaehwang stared at her from the other side of the desk without an answer to her response. He had a cold look in his eyes which made the director unknowingly lower her head as a reply.

“Director...”

“What is it?”

“I...”

“...”

She was the first person there for him whenever Jaehwang felt unhappy. Even when he was in a coma, she came to see him every day and when his parents passed away, the person that he trusted more than anyone else... was her.

“Just say one word. Whatever you say, I’ll follow along.”

“Anything?”

The director nodded as she showed him her sad eyes. Jaehwang’s lips slightly moved as he said that one word but, the director’s eyes suddenly grew bigger in surprise before she bit her lips. The office was then filled with silence.

‘Ugh... Idiot.’

Jaehwang took a short breath and cursed himself. He questioned himself how could he have said that in front of his director.

She didn’t answer back or maybe she’s just thinking about how stupid he was. Maybe she’s waiting for him to leave to feel relieved. That’s what he thought.

“About school.... I’m quitting that... And archery.”

After hearing that, the director glared at him as she instantly stood up from her chair.

“What are you talking about!”

“Maybe archery was only my mom’s wish.... I don’t have to go through with it since she’s gone... It’s just no use if I keep trying. But I’m thankful for everything during that time,” He replied.

“You must be crazy! Why would you stop archery?! It has only been one year!” She lowered her head and yelled at him from across the table.

“It’s just... that’s what I’m going to do now. I’m sorry.”

“Jaehwang, your ranking is falling. But don’t you think that you can improve them again, right? Please don’t say you’re going to stop.” The director desperately tried to stop him.

Jaehwang was an honest person who had never lied. If he had said something like this, she knew that he was serious even if it meant that he would never come back her once again.

‘I can’t.’

The generation’s prodigy was crumbling in his hands, he felt guilty. Maybe if he dies, he could shoot an arrow board with his sunbae archery players for a thousand years in the afterlife. But no... Right now... All he could feel was guilt like crazy.

There was then a hand placed on his shoulder. It was the director who reached out to him.

“Director...”

“What is it?”

He looked down towards the director, not with eyes filled with disappointment or hatred but the eyes filled with disgust and sadness.

“You have eaten, right?”

“Ha...?” The director froze on the spot... She sat back into her chair, she was left unable to move as well as to focus her eyes.

“I... I...”

She just stuttered. Jaehwang then bowed his head politely and turned around to leave.

Click...

“Phew...”

A Flawless Archery Machine, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 3: A Flawless Archery Machine 2




A Flawless Archery Machine 2

“Phew...”

He leaned on the door and took a deep breath after leaving the director’s office. He lied about archery and everything else and he honestly knew that there was no way he could give up archery. He loves archery and there’s nothing else that he could even think of doing.

“Well...I guess I leave? Han Sooji...”

He went back after he recovered and everything he once knew disappeared like a mirage. His uncle took his parent’s insurance money while he was receiving treatment and he even sold his family house before he disappeared.

All of the scornful looks he got from everywhere disappeared. He started to see the light of praise...the compliments and that’s what he loved.

‘Do I really have to do this?’

He met her for the first time in an elementary school archery contest. She glanced at him all day and made him nervous to the point that his face will turn beet red due to the sheer embarrassment. That was the beautiful girl who stood behind her mother.

They met again when they both got into a middle school famous for its program for archery. Before, his head was always filled with thoughts about his beloved sport but now, he can’t stop thinking about her. He did not want to miss the chance to confess to her. The two of them were the prince and princesses of archery that brought home all the awards.

But after Jaehwang finished his recovery from his injuries, he went back only to find out that she has been transferred to another high school. His heart was torn to pieces realizing that he wasn’t able to do anything. Smartphones weren’t that handy from where and when he was recovering. There were no signals and you couldn’t even make a call even if you went to a different place around the area.

Without Sooji, he felt miserable and dejected.

And, one day throughout his year of recovery, he received just one text from that girl.

‘I want you out of my life.’

Those were just a few small and cold words but Jaehwang couldn’t understand where it came from. He had never received a text like this from her and it was already a text bidding her farewell.

He asked himself ‘what did he do wrong’, did he make a big mistake? Did she only pretend to like him on the outside and hated him on the inside? He was so confused.

He then remembers a question that he asked the director awhile ago.

‘Is it the Samjeon company?’

‘That’s the one.’

‘Don’t drop out of your competition and don’t stress about it.’

‘I’m sorry.’

He goes to school and used all of the equipment that was supplied to him. The company that generously annually donate was... The Samjeon company, it was owned by Han Soojii’s parents. Since Sooji suddenly left school, the recovery equipment he requested were never sent.

Jaehwang still didn’t understand why they did it.

Tap...

At that moment, someone placed their hand on his shoulder. He turned his head and saw someone taller than him standing there.

“Hey... What are you doing?”

“Oh... Hi Dongchul.”

He was 186 centimeters tall, he weighed 106 kilograms and it was easy to mistake him for a bodybuilder. He was friendly and outgoing but they don’t talk to each other that often but despite that, they shared the same brotherly bond. Jaehwang could tell that he also wanted to drop out of school and Dongchul could feel that something was bothering him as well.

“What did you and the director talk about? I can tell that something’s up with you.”

“I’ll tell you later. I’m busy thinking right now.” He waved his hand to move Dongchul away.

He spoke in a calm manner instead of replying in an angry tone that might start a fight like Dongchul used to do. When Jaehwang returned to the hospital after his treatment, Dongchul could tell something was bothering him better than anyone else.

“Just tell me now!”

Dongchul raised his voice and Jaehwang responded by taking a short breath. His voice was as loud as a train whistle and he’s the kind of person that will keep screaming if you don’t give him an answer. So to avoid that, Jaehwang told him what happened.

“She wants me to enter the national selection competition after a year of rest.”

“What?! Why is she talking nonsense?”

And of course, the sound of Dongchul’s voice echoed throughout the hallway and made Jaehwang regret his decision. He can’t bring himself to think straight at the moment because right now, all he wants to do was to just put his feelings and thoughts to rest.

Dongchul noticed how he’s feeling without even thinking for a second.

“What’s the matter?!”

“Shh. Let’s leave.”

“Hey! Am I not mad right now? I know you’re having a hard time! What is it!”

“Samjeon.”

Dongchul stopped talking as soon as he heard that one word.

“Samjeon... Is the director pressuring you? Is that why she said you rest for a whole year?”

Jaehwang shook his head at Dongchul’s question and answered, “No... I said that I’m stopping with archery and school... And I’m sorry to you. We won’t be able to graduate together.”

Dongchul began to explode after hearing those words. He clenched his hands into a fist, making his veins visible enough that it looked like there were earthworms inside his skin.

“Samjeon industry...Sooji...That year?”

“Dongchul...”

“She taught you archery throughout that entire year of middle school. I don’t understand what happened and what’s going on...Ugh!”

“I still don’t know either! Don’t talk so carelessly!.”

Dongchul looked up with a surprised look on his face. Jaehwang noticed and, in response, Jaehwang lifted his head to see what going on only to mirror his expression. He froze with that look on his face, his mood had boiled up and his compassion disappeared.

It’s been a really long time since he had seen Jaehwang look that way. It looks like the eye of a predator that caught its prey. He lost his sight on one eye and can only see blurred images. But, his other eye he can see fine.

“Ah right, your eye is hurt. I got it.”

“Thanks.”

Dongchul took a deep breath.

He remembered the day when they first met. It was the second year of middle school. But, at the same time, he wasn’t only lucky enough in the second year, he also had a group of friends in the third year.

When he thinks about it now, he wanted to fit in but he was tall than 99 percent of the middle school students... He was good at fights. And lastly, because of the fact that he was an orphan, the mean friends only made him lonelier.

And because of that, he had a hard time. That is until he one day bumped shoulders with Jaehwang while he was walking to school. He used that as an excuse to start an argument and they went into an empty alleyway to fight.

Since then, they eventually became friends after they continued to run into each other. Then they got into the same archery team and they even ended up going to the same high school.

“Damn it... I hear sunbae students whispering...”

Dongchul is kind of dumb but, there’s no one more strong-minded than him. He was the only person that could calm Jaehwang down when he’s angry.

“Let’s go.”

“Okay. It seems to be 6 of them... Let’s go eat and drink.”

“Not right now...”

Dongchul calmed down as Jaehwang tried to lead him back outside. It was much harder than it seems since it was a small hallway where it was difficult to breathe in... They then suddenly heard voices coming from down the hall.

“Hey!”

A Flawless Archery Machine 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 4: A Flawless Archery Machine 3




A Flawless Archery Machine 3

Usually, to leave peacefully, Jaehwang had a trick of being extra nice. When he finished his treatment, he came by and he became lonely. The 3rd year sunbae students were in charge so they yelled at quite a few students who got in their way.

He just finished shooting and he had used his equipment without using anything. The director had banned the students to walk down the hallway with arrows in their hands and this, they had just created chaos at that moment.

“Sorry.” Jaehwang’s decision to quit school had nothing to do with the arguing that he hated. He just politely lowered his head and turned around but unfortunately, the sunbaes wouldn’t let them slip away that easily.

“Hey! What are you doing? why’d you come, Dongchul? Are trying to skip school?!”

“Uuh...” He kept his cool and followed Jaehwang out of the building, giving not the slightest bit of care about the sunbae students trying to start a fight.

“How dare they try to start something with us?!”

Pong!

One of the sunbaes marched up to Dongchul and slaps him on the side of his face. They might have driven them mad because they just walked away without a word or it might be Dongchul behaving like a quiet bear around the school. He kept his calm to the point that they are not sure what to do with him now.

After being hit, Dongchul turned and looked towards Jaehwang in surprise, asking him if he should not hold back this time.

In the beginning, he wanted to be friends with Jaehwang but he couldn’t since his parents only let him have friends who play archery. But after introducing his unskilled orphaned friend to his parents, they treated him as their own. That’s why since then, Dongchul strived to be better in archery until somehow he ended up being in the same team as Jaehwang.

However, when Jaehwang said that he’s finished with archery, that made him uninterested as well. But through all his current thoughts, he got busy fighting some of his classmates.

“No.” Jaehwang shook his head.

Jaehwang has work to do. He wanted to visit his parent’s graveyard as well as take care of the rest of his family’s things. It doesn’t matter even if he used his mother’s name since his uncle’s evil plan robbed him of everything. But even so, he has to care for what’s left with him and with Dongchul giving up on school, the future looked bleak for the both of them.

The moment Jaehwang calmed Dongchul down, an older student they triggered his short patience with a single breath.

“Are you stupid!” The sunbae student hit him again and he screamed in pain.

“Looks like I’ve been too nice!” Dongchul grabbed him by the back of his hair as he tried to walk away. He then took his wrist, turned him around and punched him in the mouth.

The others who laughed while watching was forced shut their lips in shock of just what happened but It wasn’t long before they bared their teeth in anger and ganged up on Dongchul.

A big fight broke out...

But Jaehwang acted faster than them. He grabbed Dongchul and they started to run before the others could take out their arrows.

Swoosh Swoosh!!

He throws 2 arrows within 1.5 seconds. They quickly flew through the hallway and made its mark into the wall, landing just 1 centimeter away from hitting right through the middle of the ‘Relax and be Kind’ banner written in fancy Chinese writing.

“Wow!”

The sunbae students fell on their rear ends. They looked where the arrow had landed before they looked towards Jaehwang in fright, forgetting that they had just provoked a monster in archery.

But what’s more surprising was how weak his shooting was compared to before. His current equipment could be blamed, but the shot wasn’t even accurate.

“Dongchul.”

“What...”

“Don’t you regret it?”

“It was their fault, ask them...”

“Let’s go.” Jaehwang walked in front of the arrow he shot as tears began to well up in Dongchul’s eyes. He then looked over towards Dongchul thereafter and throws the arrow over to the pleading students before they left the hallway.

***

They walked out of the school with no delay and with no words to say to each other. They marched in the dreary winter weather with the cold wind blowing through their warm bodies.

“Geez...It’s so cold.” Dongchul said with his body covered in sweat to which Jaehwang replied with a light laugh. But that feeling soon disappeared when his demeanor started to look more serious.

“Are we really going to quit school?”

“Yeah. There’s no reason to stay...especially when things are only getting worse..”

“...” Jaehwang just shook his head at Dongchul’s answer. Dongchul was actually only going to that school because of Jaehwang’s parents. After going to one of two archery events, he found that sports aren’t for him. He was able to get into the school without much skills with the help of Jaehwang parents but now, it would be hard for him. His support from them was already gone so unless Jaehwang comes back, he had no choice but to leave.

Jaehwang knew that and that’s why he decided to join in when Dongchul decided to fight for him. Getting expelled or leaving... It doesn’t mean anything to him anymore.

“What should we do...”

“What are you thinking?”

“I...Want to go to the mountains... There’s nothing here left for me.”

Dongchul looked at him with a reluctant look on face and asked,

“...That hell?...”

Jaehwang smiled. He should be calling their current position hell. The familiar whispers of the city relaxed them as the birds in the background chirped a comfortable rhythm. Nothing’s more comfortable for him than something like relaxation, meditation... and Archery.

“Let’s go to my parents grave. I have to go take care of everything...”

“Okay.” Dongchul shook his head without a word and Jaehwang then clicked his tongue as he glared at him in the same way. He obviously didn’t know what Dongchul was thinking of. He wants him to come with him but, Dongchul has to take care of the younger orphaned kids. That created a bit of a conflict between them.

“So, you’re sure you don’t want to come?”

“I don’t know..”

“You don’t have to pay for the food,” Jaehwang said. Dongchul was left unsure of what to say since he was a big eater.

“Okay. Well...I don’t know,” He replied. Jaehwang realized Dongchul’s greatest burden so he decided to take that worry away from him.

“Then, what do you really want to do?”

Dongchul scratched the side of his face after he heard his question. He looked over towards the giant building in the distance. He then saw a picture on the giant multivision screen and said, “I’m going to do that...”

“Oh...” Jaehwang looked over in the same direction and knitted his brows.

-They just came out of the Daehyun Battle University dimension gate. In the past at 2018’s first dimension gate, hundreds and thousands of peoples’ casualties were generated. 60 years later after the first generation fusion, our country’s best hunters kept everyone from being destroyed and the Daegu dimension gate’s 7th expedition was successfully finished.

Bright fancy lights shone onto the giant baseball field-like multivision screen through the night match. There was a giant transparent mirror that reached 20 meters high. There were dozens of support lights and about 20 people standing in there.

-Two more posts was being built with the expedition at that time and it’s available to anyone within 20 kilometers in every direction. The natives are still...

“I volunteered for military work so I tried to apply to the Military Gagseog Training program support. The country will pay for all the Gagseog procedures in the country. They said that they will give it to you for your 5 years of service.”

“Dongchul.” Jaehwang looked at Dongchul with a worried expression.

Gagseog, hunter... Things like that are said to not be for ordinary people. Of course in the past, it was one of the biggest jobs but, those who are naturally born with the Gagseog talent were most likely to earn more money.

The examination for Gagseog skills was free, obviously. Whenever the country saw that there was a lack of hunters, they would first find someone with the skills to fill the spot.

The country paid for one’s Gagseog procedure so they could check their skill rank. It was hard to reach the rank to be qualified...

For reference, Dongchul’s rank was 3, and even though it’s embarrassing to say, Jaehwang’s closest rank was 5.

“You’re going to do the procedure and even if your skills remained the same after three years?. You have to change to make do with the work terms right?

“Rank 4 hunters even die here,” Dongchul replied.

“And besides me, your younger siblings are going to worry about you...” Jaehwang showed Dongchul a face full of concern.

There were a lot of fancy and brightly shining spotlights in the place. It looked good but, how many Gagseogs died in there? That’s something that had to be thought about. Especially hunters that was in the 2nd rank and below, there was said to be an average of a 30 percent fail rate for them.

“Even if you’re a rank two, you’ll just have to endure a lot for over five years and then they give you one hundred million and a level El license. Doesn’t it sound so easy?”

“Oh...”

Jaehwang knew that Dongchul was strong so he just shook his head for now. Even those with similar ranks needed an infinite variety of physical strength followed by true fighting skills. Even if Dongchul were in the same rank, he may not have a top rank fighting skill but, there was something else that Jaehwang was worried about.

“There’s something I was trying to explain to the director...”

“Ah...Oh...” After hearing that, Dongchul then looked at him with a sad face and put his head down.

He remembered the times of them going to school every day, that was the school that the director took pride in working for. But now they quitted school and were considering doing dangerous things like volunteering for the Gagseog Hunter Procedure.

“Darn...Maybe you can go during archery season.” Dongchul clicked his tongue.

“Maybe.” Jaehwang then looked away.

Everything changed 60 years ago after the fusion. The generation fusion... Some have called it the dimension mashup...

Some said that it was a sign of an alien invasion and even though it wasn’t a sign of ruin, it was clearly not a natural thing. It was speculated that it involved a passing meteor colliding into the earth, It resulted in a cataclysmic impact that shook their earth along with two other dimensions.

“That’s not it, I’m planning to go and at least reach the 4th rank...”

Jaehwang then took a deep breath. He’s going to try to improve his skills through Gagseog training and make it up to at least level four even though it sounds very unlikely. If he’s good enough to get into third place then maybe he can get into second and maybe if he’s lucky enough, he can get into first.

“Say that you just want to at least get 6th place.”

“Haha...” Dongchul just laughed.

A Flawless Archery Machine 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 5: To the Mountains Again… 1





Chapter 5: To the Mountains Again... 1




To the Mountains Again...

Two historic worlds had shone brightly together. In the center of the first one, there appears to be a race of monsters. it looked like something in a fantasy novel. On the second one, there appears to be a wide variety of bizarre monsters around the globe. The humans dominated the worlds and meshed their 3 worlds together. And when that happened, the pre-existing humanity civilization development had begun once more.

They called it ‘The Hunter Generation’.

The Gagseog hunters.

Since ancient times, an integrated defense system was made to ‘Save’ special skills of the enlightened Gagseogs that appeared. They came through their dimension gate and were trusted to save humanity.

The first 10 years of the generation fusion were called ‘the survival generation’. With that being said, survival was their top priority... Countless natural gagseogs had started to appear and no one knew where they had come from. They were pouring out of the two different dimension gates. They were busily saving the lives of other dimensions along with humanity. Their names were ‘Eorawuzho’, they were the true supporting heroes of the survival generation

And 10 years after the generation fusion, a new type of Gagseog hunters started to appear one after another. They were called ‘Rodoe’ and they maintained their legendary status from the past. They helped the people during fights. People had their stuff and called them ‘artifacts’, but their kind soon died due to a fatal injury. Their weapons were given to others and those others had their strength. By their appearance, other dimension invasions were prevented.

The last kind to come after 10 years were called ‘Beyeondeos’, they were called the Gagseog force in Korea.

They didn’t have any artifacts or a generation fusion integrated defense system. They bought technology made with pure strength as a gift. After the monsters died, they used the Manaseog’s madu-technology and they protected the human Gagseogs. But in return, the human’s ‘save’ force was protected from them as well.

Although after all that, the Gagseog had become lowest ranking hunters of them all. But since then, through the number of humans, their enemies were soon overpowered. In recent times, besides going through dimensions, the invasion generation has arrived.

They’re called ‘hunters’.

***

“Do you want to go and eat?”

“Sure.”

No one knows where Gagseogs came from or exactly how Beyeondo’s live. But Dongchul and Jaehwang would not stop trying to find out. However, as dangerous as it may be, one could earn money from the life of a Beyeondo. So he thought that he could respect his friend’s decision and keep quiet about it.

***

He didn’t pack much luggage with him. The most things that he had were his archery gear and his books but he had donated it all away since he thought that he already got it in his head. A few days after sadly quitting archery, Jaehwang said goodbye to Dongchul and then got on the bus.

“Wow, it’s empty.”

The bus continued to move with its quick and soundless driving. Jaehwang then looked out in the window and got lost in thought.

He thought he would need a lot but he just bought his backpack and a few of the most important things. He brought traditional recover protection, an arrow that’s been passed down for 20 generations and all the other equipment he would need in one bag.

“Mommy look...That guy’s face is weird.”

“Don’t say that, honey.”

A little kid saw Jaehwang looking through the window, she pointed her finger towards him while telling her mom who later stopped her. He’s not too conscious about the right side of his face which was distorted after the car accident. The damage had almost cost him his archery skills but he’s lucky that at least, he didn’t lose both of his eyes.

Jaehwang covered his face with his hair and closed his eyes. Just being reminded about his face was enough to make him feel depressed and angry.

Jaehwang later found the place he came to look for, Gyeongsangbuk-do in Cheongsong-gun. A small village located in the mountains. He got off the bus and started to walk. It should take about an hour to get there. Soon, after a few minutes of walking, he finally saw a glimpse of about 50 houses in the distance of the village district.

***

Jaehwang entered the village with nothing but his body and one huge bag.

“Nothing has changed.”

The village still looked just the same as he remembered it from when he was little. Walking around felt as if time has stopped... This was the place where the other generation lived during a different time. If it wasn’t for the only new building being the Village Hall, the village was easy to be mistaken as a village from the 70s. As he walked further into the settlement, he sees a familiar face.

“Mr. Song, Hi Granddad.....”

Jaehwang bowed and the old man standing ahead of him replied with a surprised look in delight. He walked towards him and Jaehwang then put down his bag to shake his hand.

“Oh my... Is it really you, Jaehwang?”

“Yes, it’s me. How have you been, Granddad?”

“Good, things are the same... How long until you go back to school in Seoul... Are you on vacation?”

“Well, uh...”

After hearing his vague answer, his granddad looked at him and he took his hand along with a deep breath. He immediately understood what was going on.

“You’re going to your parents grave?”

“Not yet, I just got here.” He looked and saw the big bag that he carried.

“... It could get very lonely living alone on the mountains....”

“....”

His dad used to always call the mountain villagers ‘Mountain people’. He naturally shut himself out on the mountains, almost living like a monk. Maybe the reason for him living like that was to connect with his past ancestors. He would just go up and down the mountain to buy medicine and often socialize with others. He would also hunt down wild pigs and wild cat-like animals that ruined the crops. On those days he would call the village’s strong men to help prepare for a village feast.

“Ah... I see. It’s been a while since I’ve seen the township office, I have to go find it and try to get a registration map. Then I have to talk to Mr. Kim’s daughter.” Mr. Song then wriggled his eyebrows.

He didn’t have any idea of what was going on. He thought that maybe Jaehwang quickly spent all of his parent’s insurance money and his uncle that disappeared came back.

“So what are you planning on?”

After hearing his question Mr. Song folded his arms and answered in a stern voice, “I heard that Mr. Kim’s daughter said that before the owner comes, nothing would ever be done and they’ll just suffer. If a relative or someone comes then should I beg? Couldn’t we call the police officers at the station and get help? Where will you go... humhum! I heard that even if someone goes there, they’ll get beaten with a club...”

The mountain people knew that there were lots of tragedies happening in their home. No one was sadder than them about what’s happening to their families.

Luckily, the mountain people seemed to be good at coping with it. Jaehwang smiled. He had believed in and relied on so many people that betrayed him in the end. He doesn’t want to believe in anyone right now but he knew he could trust these people.

He doesn’t know the people that well but they were his father’s friends.

“If the problem gets worse, could you do me a favor?” Mr. Song looked through his eyes. “The mountain people have suffered a lot these days and those wild pigs are making things really hard. They’ve been destroying the farmer’s crops everyday...”

“The pigs have gotten worse?” Jaehwang replied.

“Sigh... I couldn’t even talk about it. The yams and potatoes that were being provided in the upper villages for a year are all being ruined...It’s been scary these days and trees don’t even grow over on that side of the mountain. Those pigs are so cruel...”

“Do you think that it could be a monster?”

The mountain was in an isolated location but after the generation fusion, another dimension gate opened but no monsters were ever spotted. However, Jaehwang has no doubt that something could have been going on. If the monsters did maybe show up on the mountain then that would be really dangerous.

“I don’t think so. They said that it wasn’t a monster. Mr. Cho has seen it and said that it was only a giant wild pig...”

“Oh...”

After Mr. Song finishes talking, Jaehwang looked over towards the upper side of the mountain with his worried eyes. His dad would always help the mountain people by hunting the pigs.

He wants to help by hunting them but he was not as proficient as he used to be. His father was a master and he was only providing him support when they are out in the mountains in search of wild pigs.

He wanted to try hunting the wild pigs to help them as well but all he had was a bow and arrow. In the beginning, before his father was a professional archer, he used all of the wrong archery equipment. Despite that, he would still go out even without bringing three hunting dogs with him.

‘If it was not a spotted animal and it was not a black tiger...’

There’s was no one there to look after the dogs on the mountain. There’s no way that Jaehwang could manage to take the acquaintance dogs that his father taught with him. The dogs that his father taught were not just simple hybrids, they’re Jindo dogs and a full sized Tosa crossbreed on the family tree.

The body types of Jindo and Tosas are quite similar, but between the snout and dark ears, they could instantly be told apart. They’re also weighed 30 kilograms by birth and they had gained more every day. They would chase Jaehwang and others. The wild pigs didn’t stand a chance because they had been running around the mountain. Of course, those guys surely wouldn’t be able to do much now if they were here, things had gotten dangerous and hunting was always a dangerous thing.

“Well, I’ll be on my way.”

“Okay.”

Mr. Song took a deep breath as he sat down and watched him go further away into the distance. Today seems especially like one of his bad dreams.

To the Mountains Again... The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 6: To the Mountains Again…2





Chapter 6: To the Mountains Again...2




To the Mountains Again...2

“It’s so cold...”

Jaehwang carried a 40-kilogram bag on his back as he hiked up the mountains. As he reminisced about the time when he was young he remembered when he would go up the mountains with his family and they would spend lots of time together on the mountains in their cabin during their vacations and the holidays.

It would usually take about 3-4 hours to reach their cabin on the mountain. They would typically stay only for about one hour before going back down.

As he continued to hike up the mountain, it wasn’t long before he found himself soaked in sweat. He was breathing heavily and eventually decided to take his backpack off. He then placed it on the ground and took a rest.

He soon got back on his feet a couple of minutes later and did some light stretching before getting back to hiking again.

“I guess I forgot how much I hated gym class when I was in school until now.”

If someone heard that then they would pass out screaming but, it’s true to Jaehwang. His mom and dad worked at the bottom of the mountain and they have done this every single day. They didn’t carry much so it was so much faster. His father would never get tired, he definitely did not grow up to have that same energy

“Phew...”

A mountain cabin soon appeared in the distance. It was a structure built out of trees and wood with fence all around it. There weren’t any other houses nearby. There used to be a cabin that his father’s parents lived in but now it was just his parent’s house that was the only one left standing...

“It’s a relief that no thieves came by,” He said to himself as he examined the entrance door.

The lock combination to the front gate still worked just fine. Although the people that lived on this mountain vista that area from time to time, everything was still as it should be.

After dealing with the impact of losing his parents and all his injuries, he was ready to finally relax and focus on his training.

The thought that he may never get back to the way he was before ever again crossed his mind many times.

“Phew...”

The mountain was very tall making him very exhausted after climbing so, he fixed his tangled hair as well as his messy clothes. He then took a white plastic bag out of his backpack and went to the backyard of the cabin. He followed along the broken wooden fence and saw his mom’s vegetable garden. It reminded him of his past with his family as he slowly walked by it.

He greeted two small burial mounds that were made in a sunny spot on the ground in the backyard of the cabin. There was a bottle of soju and a pack of dried Pollack for his dad and rice cakes stacked on a plate for his mom, right next to her grave.

“Dad, mom... I’m here.”

So far he had struggled to handle everything on his own. He didn’t want to neglect them there, especially when there’s nothing else around them but the mountains, snow and wild animals. He didn’t want his uncle nowhere near the cabin after he took everything from them and disappeared.

“Mom... I’m sorry.”

He gave up archery and rejected to follow her footsteps. She never pressured him about it but he couldn’t help but to feel terrible. He knew that his mother loved archery just as much as he did and she never gave up and worked hard to achieve her dreams. He always received endless support and help from his mom but, now that he had quit archery and school, He felt like he had let her down.

He stared at his parents grave for a moment before he took out a pair of gloves from his plastic bag. There was someone who came by from time to time to tidy up every now and then but the weeds grew so fast in the mountains. He put the gloves on his hands and just when he was about to start cleaning, he noticed something.

“Huh?”

When he looked ahead, everything was intact but when he turned around, he saw the tracks of a wild animal that had made a mess digging around his father’s grave. Jaehwang then used his hands to cope with his injured left eye to feel the tracks with his fingers.

“Wild pigs... Those stupid animals...”

It was impossible to avoid things like this from a wild animal in the middle of the mountains. Wild pigs are always around on that slope but Jaehwang can’t help but get angry after seeing his father’s unkempt grave.

He jumped back on his feet and took his arrows as he planned to hunt them right away but, he took a deep breath and calmed himself down.

‘Relax.’

He learned from his father... Well...

A group of people who specialized in hunting tigers was formed during the Joseon Dynasty. That group of talented hunters passed down their skills to the next generation until his father passed it onto him. Thinking of that helped him managed to blot out the anger in his heart.

His family.

At the same time, the tiger hunter group knew every root of martial arts. So with that special skill, they were ranked the highest in the military in the time of the Joseon Dynasty. The ancestors passed through the Japanese invasion of Korea and then they passed the last Korean war. Now they are settled here in a remote mountain village.

“Phew....”

He learned relaxation from his father’s strict training when he was young. Jaehwang has been learning the basics of that little by little in archery. The Gagseogs didn’t use things from others, they made their own.

He calmed himself down and repaired the grave with utmost care knowing that cleaning through the smallest of odors could keep the pigs away.

He opened the lock and went inside the cabin after he finished up. Jaehwang stepped inside the house and gathered his family’s ancestral tablets. He placed them in the shrine before he started to clean the cabin. It already got dark in the mountains even though it was only early in the evening. He soon finished up cleaning and went to a bathhouse in a different location.

Whirring...

He turned on the boiler and the bath began to fill itself with warm water. The boilers here were great but his parents would always buy an expensive boiler when they would come here. He remembered the time when his dad carried a huge expensive boiler on his back up the mountain. Thinking about that made him miss his father and with that, he felt sad once again.

“I’ll quickly wash up.”

He had to get back to cleaning the next day so Jaehwang took off his clothes and sunk himself into the warm water of the bath. He let out a sigh of relief as he felt all of his stress and fatigue of the day melting away.

His father would always say that it was not good to use a wet towel when you’re tired. He mentioned that a person’s body was always honest. For one’s strength to improve, he/she should use a wet towel but soon that method would not work anymore even if it felt refreshing. So when one had to rest, he/she needs to make sure that it would be a good one.

Jaehwang got out of the boiler and dried himself with a towel. He had a tall slender body with detailed muscles. He didn’t get many muscles through working out or medicine, he just went and let his archery sculpt his body for him.

He had a small tattoo on his chest. He didn’t know exactly what it means but its shape resembled that of an animal.

Jaehwang didn’t even know where this tattoo came from. It just showed one day out of nowhere but he knew that he shared the same tattoo with his father who had the same symbol on his chest, which was only was bigger.

Jaehwang woke up the next day at dawn and after a morning workout he did a little more cleaning. Morning workouts always start with some light jogging. The sun hasn’t even come out yet but he saw others running on the course as well.

He would always only run half of the course with his father. They would spend time walking on the paths and practicing archery.

“Huu... Huu...”

He stopped to catch his breath after he reached his goal. He took a break at his favorite place to take look at the sunrise on top of a giant rock. Two black rocks showed up from the direction of the Korean river. They weren’t just any plain black rocks, they had a shiny and smooth surface with glittery silver specks just like the milky way.

The sun started to rise as breathed heavily in exhausted trying recover from his early morning workout. After tirelessly running, He did a simple and easy breathing technique that his dad taught to him when he was young. He could not do it correctly at that time when he was 9 so he just would just mimic his dad. It was another happy memory that he and his father shared.

After taking a break for some time, he opened his eyes and saw the sun rising right in front of him. Jaehwang used that as a cue to get up from his sitting spot and start running once again.

He finished his morning run and went back inside the cabin. He cleaned the shrine and his ancestor’s ancestral tablets.

“Our ancestors have done great during all those years.”

He did a deep bow towards the ancestral tablets on the shrine and closed the eyes of the tablets one by one. The tablets on the shrine were originally from Yanggang-do Province of North Korea. An independence movement happened during the Japanese colonial era in Manchuria and because of his ancestors, the leader’s surprise attacks had decreased and a 325 definite war broke out. The ancestral tablets and the family’s treasures were all packed, sent away and they weren’t able to get some of them back.

After that, the tablets slowly closed their eyes until Jaehwang finally picked them up. They were skillfully hidden behind the building and Jaehwang had to dig them out of concrete.

Snap... Piing...

Jaehwang went through the dark hallway and walked down the basement stairs with care. He then turned on the lights.

To the Mountains Again...2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 7: To the Mountains Again… 3





Chapter 7: To the Mountains Again... 3




To the Mountains again... 2

He walked into a 60-meter tall giant basement. Deep inside were dozens of towering black wooden boxes lined against the wall on the ground. The humidity level was perfect and the ventilation was decent. There were dozens of bow and arrows with black tree lacquer dripping on them.

They were weapons that his ancestors used to use.

“These will be perfect after just a little fixing up...”

Some of the most amazing weapons out of them all were hanging on the walls. They were the best ever made. All of them were old and had been used a lot. He opened one of the boxes to take a look at the things inside. He then turned his head towards a few small weapons across the room.

It was a place where his dad stored arrows that he had collected over the years. There were three big and three small archery strings stored on the top of the storage and on the left side there were inherited stones of various shapes and arrows lined up against the wall from one end to the other. On the right side there were weapons made with newer materials like the cover protection, compound protection, and other things similar to those hanging on the wall.

Rattle...

Jaehwang moved towards the right side of the room and admired the compound protection hanging on the wall. This was the present that his dad had left him. But it wasn’t for hunting animals, everything there was for hunting monsters. The hunters used the compound protection made from special materials to protect them.

The arrows were quite expensive and they weighed around 100 pounds. It was enough to protect one from an attack from a wild pig. But of course it wouldn’t work as well with monsters coming from other dimensions.

It’s usual weight was about 100 pounds but that special material can add an extra 200 pounds.

“Sigh...”

He adjusted a few things on the compound protection. He pulled a few strings and took a deep breath.

He rested there for a moment and then pulled the strings on the arrow a few hundred times but he just didn’t feel the same sense of enjoyment like he used to.

He then decided to use the weapons on the left. He used the strength consuming compound protection. He went to the hunting equipment hanging on the wall to the right and got a hunting belt along with a few other things.

“Stupid wild pigs... I will hunt them down.”

***

Taktak...tak...

Jaehwang followed in his parent’s hunting footsteps. He began the hunt as he tracked down the wild pigs. He put on a black baseball cap and dark camouflage patterned pants. He knew that the road was long but had made up his mind and he will keep moving forward no matter what.

He used to prepare so much more by taking so many things with him when he was just a beginner but now he packed nothing but his bow, arrows and the compound protection that he was wearing. He packed about one hundred arrows and all the essentials for them before he went out knowing that it was dangerous if he were to came in contact with a wild pig. He didn’t weigh much and even if the wild pigs were smaller than usual he could still get hurt if he was careless or came in unprepared.

“The shelter area hasn’t changed a bit.”

Jaehwang stood between a tree and rocks as he took a look around. Wild pigs could be found everywhere in the mountains, it was hard to estimate their numbers of them in an area.

“If I were to guess, I would think that there’s about more than 100... Or maybe less than 50....”

It may be more than that, or less, but he wasn’t scared. If he was scared of something like a wild pig then he couldn’t call himself a descendant of the best tiger hunters of the past.

“Everything will be fine.”

He planned to hunt the pigs and chase them away from the area. The plan sounded simple in his mind but he knew that it was going to be very difficult in reality, he double checked everything. He needed to make sure that everything would go according to the plan for the benefit of the village, his parent’s heritage and his own safety. He closed his eyes for a moment to build up his focus, then stood up to his feet and climbed up into a tree next to him.

Shwosh Shwosh...

He climbed up the tree at the speed of light as if he was running on the air like a fast monkey. It was quite easy to grab and jump onto since the tree leaves are big and the branches are heavy. He soon found a spot high in the tree and looked down at the ground with his eyes only half open. All that he had to do now was to wait. Jaehwang then started to close his eyes as everything was quiet as he sat in tree.

But then... Hiding out was going great until, something happened... Giant wild pigs started to show up in the resting area about three meters away from the tree that he was resting in.

***

It got darker and bugs started to crawl around.

The cold wind blew across the mountain peak and through the trees. The leaves on the tree shivered along with his limbs as the branches had started to creak, making it a hard for him to sleep. He was still feeling a little tired as he just woke up and was only half-awake but he was able to collect his focus as soon as he heard a noise coming from on the ground.

Tatak...Tak...

He first detected small but frivolous footsteps and after a few more seconds, a wild pig appeared. More and more instantly started to appear and the shelter area was instantly occupied with 20 to 30 of them with more of them still entering. There was a wild pig that was bigger than all of the others, it looked like their leader. It walked into the middle of the herd of pigs.

It appeared to weigh about 200 kilograms. It raised its head and looked all around the place. It then settled in the middle of the shelter area and began to rest. A giant male pig came along with a female following along beside it. There was also a baby pig that followed right behind them.

He watched the peaceful scenery of the wild pig family... but unfortunately, that beautiful scenery was soon ruined as his arrows began to rain down on them.

Swoosh...Swoosh....

Kwiik!!

The babies and the once calm female pigs shook in fear and violently buried their heads into the ground. The arrows haven’t hit any of them yet but the pigs were confused on what was going on. Their wild instincts caused them to stay still and bury their heads into the ground as some of the others ran around in panic. The flurry of arrows continued and one then hit the ground where the head of a giant female wild pig was buried.

Kkwiik!

The second shot hit a female pig and it screamed with a painful shriek and died. After witnessing that the other pigs ran away all in different directions trying to escape. Chaos had started to spread as the leader pig shouted a call and escaped signaling the others to do the same.

It was a 200-kilogram pig but it still had the special quality of a wild animal. It could run in zigzags while still maintaining its fast speed. But unfortunately, before it could even get ten meters away, it got shot in the head and fell to the ground making a loud thump.

It was very big but the long arrow hit its head making it struggle to move as it shrieked and fell. He watched it die and shot another arrow. It went deep into its eye.

Swoosh Swoosh! Kwiik!

The wild pig that stood in the center then died ushering others while running around in confusion. All of those who were still alive was finally out of the shelter area. The female pigs ran away with their babies running beside them.

Ttak...

He came out of the tree trying to make as little noise as possible. He stretched, looked around and then suddenly started to run out of nowhere.

Takk...Tak...

There weren’t any light on the mountain but that couldn’t stop him. At first it seemed that the pigs were completely gone but they were still around following their usual path. They didn’t intend to chase him but that was just the path that they were taking so there was nowhere else they could have gone. He looked back and saw a wild pig running right behind him as he ran away so he lifted his bow and shot at it. It shot 60 meters far...

Swoosh...Pakk!

Kwiik!

The arrow struck the wild pig causing it to scream as it sunk into the ground. He then instantly shot at another.

***

“Bakbak...”

Mr. Song awakened at dawn to the sound of chickens from outside. He yawned as he stretched his arms before getting out of bed. He had gray hair and was only getting older. He couldn’t get up every morning like he used to.

Ttak...Tak....

He heard a noise coming from the quietness of outside.

“Son.”

“Yes, grandfather?...”

His son said in reply. About 20 years ago when his son first started helping him, he would bring his family from his hometown to visit. But, something happened, he suffered from a terrible injury in one of his legs.

To the Mountains again... 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 8: An Injured Child 1




“I thought we were going to go together.”

“No, dad. I’ll come back soon so please get a little more rest.”

“It’s fine. I’ll only be waiting for a little.”

Mr. Song got up and put on his working clothes.

“Oh...It’s not Jaehwang.”

“No, it’s me. I’ll do some planting...”

He thought he heard his son and Jaehwang’s voices from out of the window so Mr. Song got so excited and came outside. Jaehwang then shows up in his baseball cap and walks towards Mr. Song.

“Hi, Granddad.”

“Jaehwang, what were you doing this early?”

Jaehwang politely greeted Mr. Song who then noticed his clothes. He was wearing a black baseball cap and was covered in dirt, it looked like he’s been running all night. He looked at him in surprise as soon as he noticed the compound protection on his back as well as the traditional hunting belt on his waist.

“You were out all night?”

“Yes.”

Mr. Song started to worry. Jaehwang’s father was a very strong person and a skilled hunter at that so there was no need to be concerned but, Jaehwang was only 18 years old. Even hunters needed someone by their side to help them when they are out hunting wild animals. There’s no other hunter his age in the village for him to take and that made him anxious.

“There are no phones to use in case of emergency, but always be careful.”

“Yes, I’m always careful. I did find the pigs but because I went alone, it was a bit challenging.”

“Oh...Is that so.”

Mr. Song’s concerned look was soon overtaken by relief. Jaehwang and his father would hunt pigs together ever since he was young. He was confident at his skills but hunting alone was not a good idea, he couldn’t even consider it. He was just relieved that at least he wasn’t bleeding from anywhere.

“I’m going to the farm. Do you want to come with me, Jaehwang?”

“Um...Well...”

He scratched his head thinking that he couldn’t just let his aging granddad work on the farm alone. Mr. Song’s son then stopped him by shaking his head. He knows that Jaehwang was not just simply hunting pigs, he’s doing this for the farm and now he needs some rest.

“I’ll do it, I’ll go get ready.”

Mr. Song looked pleased. He lost his parents at an early age and he seemed to hurt both on the outside and the inside. He recovered and then came up to this mountain alone despite appearing to be very sad and lonely.

But now, he could hunt again with a healthy body and he looks happy. Jaehwang scratched his head with a troubled look.

“But... Granddad...”

“Yes?”

“We’re going to need some people...”

“Huh?”

***

They gathered the strong men living in the neighborhood for assistance. All the adults and children were able to go down the mountain for lunch

“A little more strength!”

“Ugh....It’s so big....”

The giant pigs that were tied around the tree were being carried down the mountain with the help of the other strong volunteers. The village’s old men, ladies, and young children then watched in awe for every animal that they would bring into their settlement.

“Oh, wow... How much does it weigh?”

“...This is really tiring..”

“It’s really big. It has to be about 300 Kilograms.”

“Look at this...”

They brought about 11 pigs down to their village. The last one proved to be quite difficult to bring down.

The female pig looked like it could easily weigh over 100 kilograms.

Mr. Song were talking with a police officer from the side.

“He did a good job.”

“Of course. Sir... This is great but... We would like the hunting area to be made spotless.”

Mr. Song laughed at the policeman in response.

“Someone in the neighborhood could get hurt. But maybe you could take some of the meat back to the police station... You could take some home to your family”

“Well... It has been a long time since I had something greasy. Ha-ha.”

“Right. And you can come to my house and I’ll prepare it. But, I have to talk to you about something...”

“Go on...”

In the city there are jobs that you won’t believe but, inthe middle of a country-like mountain there aren’t many choices. There was on police station and one police corporal constable. There not even any government officials in the mountain.

“What’s that? There were so many wild pigs that you caught. We need someone like you living here.”

“Thanks, sir. There are no slaughterhouses or BBQ places here to help.”

“Haha, the police station gladly helps.”

He was only 18 years old, how could he have catch all those pigs. He looks over towards Mr. Song to ask a question.

“Did he really catch them all by yourself?”

The police officer said as he looked at the dead giant pigs. It seemed unbelievable. This is not something that an 18 year old can do. It’s even incredibly hard for an adult to catch 1 wild pig an he caught 11 pigs.

But no he’s seeing it right in front of his eyes..

There were arrows stuck in the head of the wild pig and the body was very clean. There were not a mark on his hunting gear and he was spotless, suggesting that it did not take a lot for him.

Aiming for the head is not the usual way of hunting for wild pigs. That would be the best place for a human but, the thigh and the head is where to aim for a wild animal. Especially because the pigs have their bulldozer-like head-butt so a person would have to be very careful. If a mistake is made then the shot could bounce off and the person can get hurt while the pig just gets angrier.

That’s what experienced hunters would mainly do while also aiming for the lungs and heart... and the leg. That being relatively easy to aim for and a little dangerous. However, the pigs they were taking down the mountain are braindead.

“That kid is amazing.”

“Ah... Yes, that kid...”

The policeman nodded his head. In this neighborhood, if the deputy didn’t know then he’s like an agent. He may not have seen it personally but, he could see that Jaehwang has excellent skills.

The officer then came by their house.

“Don’t mind it.”

“It’s fine. But, your son...”

“I’ve noticed that he went out hunting but he doesn’t look hurt at all.”

“Is he okay?”

The police officer said with a concerned look.

“He’s a strong kid, he’s okay.”

“True.”

“Hmm... Over here?”

“Right, that’s it.”

In the entrance of Mr. Song’s house were two paintings hanging on the wall. Two teen girls with pale white skin stood in the entrance of the house and looked around inside. They were both pretty but their looks don’t match the atmosphere of the country.

“Are you really going to sleep there?”

“Yes, after my granddad falls asleep. I’ll go back up the mountains and do some more hunting after dark... Have you seen it?”

“Of course.”

Said the girl that was standing before him as the other girl who stood behind her smiled and nodded while the other talked. Even she had seen it. 11 adult pigs being carried down the mountain... The pigs were much bigger than them, it was nothing they have ever seen before.

Even though it was a time where a monster could come out of nowhere, they seemed like normal city girls that you’d seen on TV. Instead of seeing a monster come out, what they had just seen in front of their eyes was the most exciting thing they’ve ever seen.

“Was it hard? Weren’t they so big?”

” I don’t really know. They were big but... I haven’t been here in awhile.”

There was another place located at the bottom of the mountain, thats where Mr. Song’s granddaughters came from. They were naturally fitting in well and they got to see something amazing for the first time. Instead of going back to hunt the pigs tonight, he’ll just sleep at Mr. Song’s house.

“Are you a hunter?”

“No, but he’s only one year older than us, he can’t be a type of Gagseog”

He won’t settle here for long, they didn’t know much about him. They asked him if he was a hunter and looked as if they doubted the possibility. It was a commonly known fact that a type of hunter wouldn’t be so young.

Of course it’s not there were never any young Gagseogs that existed.

Naturally born Gagseogs and Dabauzers didn’t do the same things at the same age but they both would appear. However, Dabauzers are very rare. They were different from them and the Beyondoes, they were blood descent and didn’t have many skills.

The Dabauzers and Beyondoes departing point in the beginning ruined their nobility among nobles.

That was not simple development. Beyoendeos barely started to gain one common skills when the Gagseogs were at the save. But, Debauzers took the high rank for special skills and real skills 2-3 at a time.

The subject had changed and their interest was back on the pig hunting once again.

They told him that he’s the most special and interesting person that came into this boring place.

An Injured Child 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 9: An Injured Child 2




An Injured Child 2

“Ow...”

The policeman became worried as he noticed Jaehwang suffering from muscle pains. Carrying 100-pound compound protection and arrows was not an easy feat. The Gagseogs could carry 200 pounds with no efforts but, Jaehwang was not like them. Gripping onto things was especially difficult and his arm hasn’t gotten completely better after a year of rest.

His original plan was to hand over those pigs and then head back up the mountain but Mr. Song won’t let him.

“Oww.”

He couldn’t sleep because of his muscle pains and he then heard the sound of someone coming through the door of the room. Mr. Songs walked in so he hid under the blanket before he could see him.

“Oh?”

Mr. Song’s granddaughters opened the door and they saw Jaehwang who have just come out of hiding. The girl stood there with her hand on the doorknob and they exchanged an awkward look. Silence filled the place and one of the girls were staring at Jaehwang’s distorted face.

“...”

The burns on the right side of his face made it look hideous. Jaehwang just pretended that he didn’t notice the girl staring at the deformed side of his face. It had been two years since the accident and he’s used to this kind of reaction. But then, the girl took it too far.

“Gross.”

“Hey!”

The other girl with her told the girl not to be rude. She quickly covered her mouth realizing what she just said but it was already too late. Jaehwang wriggled his eyebrows. He wanted to lock himself up in the mountain cabin. He doesn’t like when people mention the scars on his face...

People ask about it a lot. Gagseogs would lose their arms and would easily still fit in but, why wouldn’t they do anything like surgery people would ask... The would ask why don’t they like surgery...

Jaehwang’s not stupid but he doesn’t know why they made that decision. He could clearly see the problem. he could get his face fixed but he doesn’t really care. But if his remaining eye started to go bad then he’ll have no other choice but to consult with a doctor.

But how would the surgery go? It would of course be very expensive. Besides, his face won’t just magically be ‘restored’ or ‘good as new’. He would have to go in very careful procedure and he would have to be kept asleep, that kind of treatment was even dangerous for a Gagseog. Even more so, dreaming would take a lot and he didn’t have a lot in him.

Anyway, now that his feelings are hurt, got up and left the room. She could try to apologize for what she said but she may not. He walked away and heard his granddad yelling at the girl.

“Listen here! You shouldn’t have said that!”

The pigs were all gotten rid off so Mr. Song went inside to see if Jaehwang was resting well and he overheard what they said. He’s usually really nice to them but he’s not happy about what they said to Jaehwang.

“Granddad...”

The girls tried to explain that it was an accident and it already made her feel terrible but Mr. Song wasn’t buying it. They then looked over and saw Jaehwang opening the door.

Click...

He’s all dressed in his hiking gear and packed with his equipment. He took his hiking boots off of the floor and puts them on and says goodbye to Mr. Song.

“Granddad, I’ll be going up mountains early today.”

“Jaehwang... Kids can be childish...”

He tried to stop him but Jaehwang just said goodbye and quickly left out the house.

He came to a place he thought of as home to rest is heart but wasn’t what he wanted it to be. He got hurt and angry. And he couldn’t say anything mean to others just because he’s unhappy.

After all, he was still young.

“Jaehwang...”

He disappeared before he could say anything else. Mr. Song puts a bag into his jacket and puts it on. Jaehwang caught a lot of wild pigs. Now they were in a slaughterhouse and a BBQ place selling it for $5.20 dollar per pound. He’s going to go tell Jaehwang that running away is not a good idea and apologize.

“Sigh...”

***

A few days have passed and Jaehwang was in the mountains, soaked in sweat as he held onto the bowstring.

He felt like his strength was being drained away at every movement but he focused on his breathing and kept on pulling.

“Hue.. Hue..”

TtuTuk...

After pulling, he saw the arrow hit the ground and he carefully controlled it little by little. The arrow that fell to the ground is not a normal arrow.

The arrow was made of iron and the string was a wire. It weighed about 30 kilograms... His dad used to use it as a training tool. Jaehwang used to use it a lot in the past, it really gives you muscles.

“Still as heavy as it used to be...Hue... Time to go and clean...”

He went back to the place with the other training gear to rest in the bathhouse as he cleaned them off.

Jaehwang took good care of the mountain cabin. After he finished cleaning, he gave his regards to the ancestral shrine before he went to the garden to do a bit of practicing. He would always feel refreshed after doing a morning jog and following it up with training.

He wants to go hunting wild pigs the next day but his ankle is still not in a good condition after jogging. An ankle is an important part of morning hikes but that doesn’t mean that he would just stop. He just decided to take it slow and avoid running as much as possible.

It was common knowledge for anyone who lived alone that one must take care of his own body. He stretched when he felt stiff and relaxed when he felt tired. But, there’s no way that he could keep going like this for so long. He would just have to forget about what happened at Mr. Song’s house. Of course it wouldn’t be an easy decision to make but that’s what would have to happen.

After 3 days of refreshing and resting, Jaehwang got back into the mountains to go hunting for wild pig. The days before he spent his time on the side of the mountain where his parents would always go. He caught some pigs there and then he went to the opposite side of the mountain to catch more. Those were the wild animals who damaged his parent’s grave so he couldn’t help but get mad every time he saw one.

He planned to bring the pigs back to the village after he finished hunting and he planned to move into the mountains by next year. Luckily everything he needed to survive was already out here. If a time comes where he needed to go back, he would just need to remember the path back to his parent’s grave.

“It’s freezing.”

It was especially cold on the upper mountain, he would stretch every hour to keep his body warm and cope with the cold. He suddenly remembered the story of a legend that descended from this mountain. His ancestors used to live here years ago and they told stories about how they would catch things like tigers and eat them.

They said that the thunder in the rainstorms would be so strong that it could split their houses. They had lots of fun stories from those times. He doesn’t remember them saying anything about dealing with monsters like people do these days.

Tuktuktuk... Papapag.

He heard the sound of something walking.

‘Perfect timing.’

He sensed that the wild pigs were close by. He took slow and quiet steps towards the old cabin so he could get his arrows and put on his compound protection. He was using the same arrow that his father used in the past because they were made especially for hunting wild animals.

Of course the wild animals they had in mind were not the wild pigs, they were for monsters. Hunting monsters is hard but shooting wild pigs in the head was all it took.

“Hu...”

Jaehwang gave a few light breaths and focused on where the sound was coming from.

He already pulled the string, ready for what could happen at anytime. It took up to 60 percent of his strength to pull for just the right moment.

“Huh?”

Jaehwang got a bad feeling about his surroundings. Was it something that a hunter should be worried about? Or was it just a simple anxious feeling? It was in the middle of the night so it was hard to see what was there. It could just be a wild pig but he has a weird feeling that it may be something else. Something that he needed to be very careful of... Jaehwang started to feel worried. And just then, a giant wild pig appeared.

‘It’s a male.’

A huge wild pig showed up, It was much bigger than the ones he had hunted before. It may be the biggest wild pig in the mountain town... He knew that he wanted to take the challenge, however, Jaehwang didn’t pull the string.

It was an unplanned situation. He had to think it out, this pig could be the worst enemy of the mountain village. Its mouth was foaming like crazy and it was galloping around for no reason. It didn’t look like the others, it must be their leader.

An Injured Child 2, The End.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 10: A Wound 1




A Wound 1

‘It’s here.’

He couldn’t see it with his own eyes but he could sense that it. It was dangerous...

This is the first time he worried about his life while hunting. He held his breath and watched the wild pig run around. His senses soon unluckily became blocked.

Swooswook...

He felt something big coming his way. He couldn’t see but he felt something gigantic about 3 meters away... The footsteps soon quieted down. There still was a little noise from the sound of leaves being stepped on. It’s getting deeper into the fall season on the mountain so there will be a lot of noise when someone walks along the leaves .

His heart was beating fast and he could barely move due to the leaves on the ground. The slightest of movements could risk catching its attention. The only thing that he could do is control his breathing and pray that it wouldn’t find him.

Totob!!

Something big suddenly came out of nowhere and dashed by the tree where Jaehwang is hiding. It sunk its teeth in the pig making it scream.

Kwiik!

It then disappeared leaving the pig struggling and writhing in pain as it tried to run away.

‘It’s strong enough to lift a 300 kilogram pig...’

It raised the pig up into the air like it was nothing. A wild animal doesn’t usually do something like that. Moving some of that size would surely end in a terrible result. And then... he started to hear a terrifying noise from deep within the mountains.

Hwahdeuk...

That couldn’t be a wild pig. His teeth chatter as it sent out a chill down his spine.

Jaehwang hid at the bottom of the tree and felt the hair on his arms stand up. He just witnessed a 300-kilogram pig getting eaten in one swallow. He could then hear the sound of something coming closer and closer.

The darkness of the night impaired his vision and all he could get was a glimpse of its dark and stature fur as it walked on its hands and feet. It had a shape like a bear but there was none of those on this mountain since there was not enough prey for it to survive on. He got a closer look at it later and realized that it was not what he thought it was. It seemed to have a head like a snake and a crocodile combined.

‘It’s a monster.’

He had studied about monsters before. It must have gotten caught in the dimension gate. All sorts of tiers must have come through there. They must have gotten through the tear of the simple organization system.

‘It looks like a third tier monster... The lowest tier.’

A third tier monster like this has never been on this mountain before. A group of level B hunters using the mana had tried to gather together and catch them before... They couldn’t have escaped through the neighborhood dimension gate.

The dimension gates in Korea are being watched by dozens of cameras. No one ever found anything. Hundreds of hunters would come and go everyday it should have been impossible to not have ever spotted a monster.

After taking a few bites, the monster placed the entire pig in its mouth like a snake swallowing a deer. It then went completely silent after it finished. Jaehwang whispered in his head in the silence.

‘Gosh...’

Jaehwang made a spot up in the tree because of how dangerous it is to stay on the ground...

If he knew that there would be a monster out here, he would have secured a spot hours ago or he wouldn’t have even come out to hunt in the first place.

Tatakk...

The moment he first felt it close by, he couldn’t even think straight. He was almost ready to just run away. And by looking at the result, that’s what he actually decided on.

Swooswook... Peopeok

He fell out of the tree and felt a shiver go down his spine as he looked back to where he was hiding. The giant monster was going to strike where he was sitting...

Hwadangtang! Deudeudeuk!!

“Keup...”

He held his mouth closed with his hand before he could make any noise and started running away leaving the monster In the distance. He tried to find the route he took while trying to take off the limit for the compound protection.

There was not a dent in the protection. Of course, even pulling the limit could only help with a 2nd tier monster. But his life is currently hanging by a thread and there was nothing else he could do.

The moment he instinctively lowered his head, the strong winds began disappeared.

Wild animals usually tend to make a call noise but the monster didn’t do anything like that.

He ran as far as he could until he was completely out of breath. The monster is big but it didn’t have any trouble getting around. The bottom of the monster’s foot was smooth and surrounded by fur so it didn’t leave any footprints or make any noise which made it harder to track and detect.

He ran to a place crowded with trees. The only advantage that he had against the monster was that he’s smaller so it was easier for him to hide. It was hard to see since it was so dark but he was still happy that it increased his chances of survival.

Kwagg!

The sound of a fallen giant needle-leaf tree echoed throughout the mountains. He looked back and saw half of the chewed up head of a wild pig rolling on top of the leaves. That surprised him making him misstep his foot into a crack. He has one blind eye and a terrible sense of space perception. He could roll himself but now he was just met with bad luck.

The smell of blood gets closer and he could feel the monster coming closer.

‘So this is how I’ll die.’

Now he can’t decide, he’s going by his hunter instincts. To trade places in this situation he would have to learn to not be an easy target.

And again the two wheels were rolling, Jaehwang pulled out his tradition arrow and loaded it once. He also put on the compound protection.

Eudeudeudeuk...

He removed the limit off of the protection and it then weighted about about 200 pounds. The arrow string was still so heavy and hard to pull but he clenched his teeth and pulled with all his strength. His back and arm muscles felt as if they could burst.

He kept pulling as hard as he could but the compound protection let off point reached its limit. He doesn’t even have any time to waste, the monster is getting closer by the second.

Paaang...

He aimed for the monster’s eye with the arrow but it flew through the wind and unfortunately missed its target. It stuck to the side of its neck for a moment but then fell to the ground as the shot was not strong enough.

His attack did not help at all.

Peoeok!

“Keueuag!”

The monster was getting close and he couldn’t even scream for help. He strained his shoulder and fractured his rib due to his attempt to attack and he could no longer run. He then heard a ringing noise accompanied by a strong blast of wind that suddenly demolishing all the leaves of three trees, leaving Jaehwang covered in them.

The sharp noise reached his ears and the leaves made him feel like he was a piece of wet paper while being stuck under them. The thought of just getting up and running away while screaming was constantly in the corner of his mind. But, he ignored it as there was nowhere to go and the best option he had was to hide where he currently was. If it weren’t for the pile of leaves on the ground, he would have blacked out.

‘I’m going to die.’

He started to feel hopeless, thinking he would die just like that. He still had to look after his parent’s grave and clean the mountain cabin. He wanted to live to see Sooji again and find out what happened between them. He wants to keep doing archery.

But... That’s not what he actually wanted....

He wanted to get revenge on everyone that betrayed him.

The feelings that he have been holding in... Those words....

The words he couldn’t say before... the things he didn’t say to keep a clean image. It was all a waste of time.

Death now seems ridiculous when he thought about it.

Rustle... Rustle...

The giant monster walked quietly across the leaves as it came closer. It was now less than 10 meters away from him and there was nothing that Jaehwang could do but to close his eyes and clench his teeth.

Keureuk...

The monster stopped to look all around and then started walking again. Jaehwang was not out of the leaves but, the monster has to be at least 5 meters away. It hasn’t found him and just wandered around for some time before it turned around to leave and then come back. He’s not sure how much time has passed by. The monster suddenly lifted its head and started to walk around again. Jaehwang then disappears from under the leaves like smoke just as he wished for.

A Wound 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 11: A Wound 2




He dreamt it.

He dreamt of disappearing into thick smoke while walking somewhere uncertain. He passed the same big boulder multiple times when he suddenly saw a cliff. In front of him appeared a very big staircase made of logs. The staircase only went halfway down the cliff but, there was a hut built at the end of it.

It looked just like the hunter’s past shelter rest areas of his father. On one side there were tigers and on the other, there was a family.

Jaehwang walked down the staircase without even thinking. No one was calling him but he unintendedly followed to where the dream would lead him. The stairs felt like they’ve gone on forever by the time he reached the end of them.

He then heard a voice when he arrived at the end.

“We are left here to do the work for our descendants.”

Said a man with a high-pitched voice that looks to be in his 40s.

“I know.”

One replied with a hoarse voice.

“The last of the family’s descendant. Now... We need to make an escape out of this tiresome place.”

“Yeah but we can’t get away from that monster. It’s been hundreds of years but it’s still so powerful.”

“The world has changed. Soon we won’t need to carry everything on our shoulders.”

“That’s not enough for the monster.”

“Sanjo... if we keep going like this, then it’ll all be over soon. Our fate is here, we just have to block the roads ahead of our descendants. It’s not a bad thing! How long do we have to be controlled by this monster!”

The two guys talked to each other. He didn’t understand what they were talking about but he listened to every word they said carefully.

‘Trapped?... Does that mean, they are my ancestors?’

His family... They were locked up in the middle of a remote village like this. They knew that they once had a great history thanks to the tales of his deceased father.

“It’s great.”

A man with a clear voice suddenly joined the conversation.

“Tell us the story. It’s a good one.”

“The one about the village and your kids....”

He eventually couldn’t hear their voices anymore. He wanted to walk closer but he could no longer move. He asked himself how much time has already passed. He wanted the thick fog to surround him and change where he’s standing.

“Ah...”

Jaehwang sat down and leaned back as he just watched their mouths move.

One of them looked like they’ve lived a lonely life and one of them were wearing fancy clothes. One looked like a deceased mother in a horsehair-woven headband and a red hanbok. But the one that caught his attention the most was the one sitting on the side. His head, shoulders, and arms were covered with armor.

He stood there like his father. He could already see that he was an amazing tiger hunter during the Joseon Dynasty period.

“Ieaya.”

“Yeah?”

He calls to the one wearing the fancy clothes. Jaehwang then unknowingly fell to his knees trying to get a bit closer to hear what they were saying.

His heart felt solemn as if he was being pulled.

“I want to talk with you but we have a lot of work to do and we can’t waste anymore time. Let’s finish this and try to take back our freedom. We could maybe do it sooner but our situation has become harder. But after we finish this, we would be forgiven.”

She then disappeared as soon as he finished speaking without saying anything.

“Hey! We’re almost free. Our family will be able to stand tall again!”

The amazing tiger hunter then disappeared along with the girl in fancy clothes.

“I’m sorry. The family is stuck in a debt that has been passed down for years and now we’re stuck here trying to fix it. But now is the time to put a stop to it, it’s time to bring back the family name.”

“Ieaya, I have one more favor to ask of you. After you’re done here, the star of your destiny will take you back to our hometown. We’ll be left to finish up the debt, someone will show you the way.”

Paat...

He disappeared after saying that and so does the mother in the Hanbok.

Jaehwang looked around and was surprised by what he saw. He thought that there were only three but there are actually hundreds of them here. They were all wearing formal attire and their ages... he didn’t know but the group looked like they shared the same age.

“This is the last of our debt.”

He looked at them and saw their eyes darken by sadness yet glimmering in hope. Another guy then showed up who didn’t look as old as the others, his eyes were different from the them. There he walked and stood beside Jaehwang.

Not knowing when it would all end, they were filled with sadness but also love.

Jaehwang didn’t have any thoughts going through his head as he just stared at them blankly.

As much as he would like to talk with his ancestors, he couldn’t think of anything to say.

“Son.”

“Dad....”

He knew that it was only a dream but tears instantly started to well up in Jaehwang’s eyes. The tears began to fall as he wiped them over and over again. He didn’t want to miss a single second of seeing his father.

“Dad?...”

“Appa (Father)...”

His dad liked it when he would always call him appa (father) even though he started to call him dad as he got older. He did have one more daughter and she called him that. Now that Jaehwang and his father had met again, he was very ashamed of what happened to the family and was scared of what could come next.

“Let’s hug one more time, son.”

His dad opened his arms wide and hugged Jaehwang. He felt happy that he was able to feel his father’s warmth once again. He then heard a voice of someone he wished for from behind.

“My son...”

A pure and caring voice echoed from behind him. Jaehwang turned around to see who it was. There stood a person with a height that only reached his shoulders. The moment he turned around, tears had begun to well up in his eyes again.

“Mom.”

“Son, you just don’t stop growing, do you? Haha.”

She soon let go after they hugged but Jaehwang didn’t want to move his arms away.

“No! No! Don’t let go. Don’t go! Please don’t go! Just stay here, please...”

Jaehwang started to cry as their memories from before came rushing to his head.

He didn’t care that it was just a dream. He had been swept into this tragedy and he knew that he had already suffered enough. There were so many things that he wanted to say... He never even got to say goodbye.

“I know, son... Your dad and I both know.”

“No.. You don’t know. You don’t know anything... You don’t know how much I’ve missed you both...”

“Don’t worry, we know...”

Patpat

She lightly pats his back as he cried and talked.

“...I’m sorry. I have nothing to show you both... Nothing...”

His mother then pulled away and laughed.

“How do you not have anything to show us?”

“We’re here with you and we’re so happy.”

“You’re here with us and that’s all that we could ever ask for.”

“Mom... Dad...”

Everything was just how he wished it would be. He was happy that he finally got to see them again.

He hugged his father again and he felt that all of his stress and worries melting away. He felt healed and cried again. He kept himself inside the cabin to protect himself from strangers but he decided to forget it all and change how he feels about himself even though he understood that it won’t be easy.

“Son...”

“Yes, dad?...”

“Be strong. You’ll get hurt but... You can do it, we believe in you.”

“Your mom and I will be going now...”

Jaehwang didn’t let go. He thought to himself that it would be okay even if he dies now, at least they could be together again... then they would be able to talk more.

“You have to be strong! We are always watching you! Everyone is cheering for you!”

“Us both and your ancestors will give you strength and If you still can’t do it, that would be okay. But you and us all will have to pay for that later. You are next in line, be proud of the name you carry now, we have now come together to cheer you on... Okay?! We’re watching.”

“..Wait”

Before answering him, they both suddenly disappeared and reappeared along with the rest of their family down in the cabin area. They looked towards Jaehwang with tears welling up in their eyes. One of them soon slowly reached out their hand and walked towards him. They surrounded him as they reached out to him. Jaehwang responded with a warm smile.

“Mom...Dad...”

He realized that now was the time to go. He didn’t want to leave but he knew now that his parents would never be far away from him.

“You can do it, son.”

“We love you.”

Jaehwang let out a bright smile like a child as he waved and said his goodbyes. He told them that he will keep pushing forward and said everything he wished he could have told them before...

“I love you. I love you... I love you.”

“We love you too, son. Forever.”

A Wound 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 12: A New Page 1




Hwiii...

A strong gust of wind blew across the shrine.

The strings attached to the ancestral tablets flickered with a silver light as it began to lift itself up into the air and flew towards Jaehwang. A white cloud of dust then surrounded him and made him feel strong and energized.

Taktak... Papag...

The floor of the shrine torn in half and all the furniture was pulled up into the air. Everything in its path was destroyed as it opened the way for the moon to show and reveal it’s light. Jaehwang remained unbothered as he continued to lie down on the floor with his eyes closed. He didn’t know if what was happening was a good sign or not but he chose to just let it happen. He just smiled as he let time pass on its own.

And then, something happened.

A red light started bursting out of his chest. The cloud of dust grew even further as everything that remained floating in the air started to glow with the same color. It then started to move and take form into a shape of some animal.

Geureur...

The white dust as well as the red lights gathered into a single point and gave life to an enormous roaring beast.

-Keuang!

It took shape into a small tiger. It proceeded to run across the shrine which was covered by a glowing crimson light. It then started to slow down as its pulsating energy decreased to the point that the white dust inside of it began to leak.

Whirriring...

The ancestral tablets emitted a surge of energy and bounded themselves together. He tried to gain focus to understand what was happening but the force was so intense that it took all of his strength to barely pull through. He continued to exert his strength until he saw a blue colored light explode out of the three ancestral tables in the air...

Kwakwang!

The three tablets that bursting with blue light then exploded, hitting all of the other tablets that hand a red light. All of the energy lights then turned red and everything started to shake...

-You again!

An angry voice resonated throughout the shrine. He disregarded the other tablets that remained in the air and looked towards the red light.

Papapang!

-Keureur!

The red light shook the entire shrine.

-These people! Wasn’t it enough to just lock them away for 500 years?

The red tiger began to roar and the blue ancestral tablets started to shake faster as a clear voice started to talk.

-Blame all of your terrible heroes.

-Who are my heroes? I just had to follow my strengths... If I knew that these people were so hopeless then I would have personally asked them to die!

-You can’t break out again. They’re all gone because of you. You know that right?

-...

-They protected you and you relied on them.

After hearing that, the red lights grew brighter as if it was trying to display the voice’s rage.

-You should be buried in despair.

-You deserve to be punished by the gods. But, we’re in a dangerous situation right now. What should we do?

-What?

-The moment our ancestors’ life sentence finishes, you’ll be free again.

-Well... For one thousand years the commandments have been protected at all cost. Things were going great. You promised. You said you would protect the kid till the end.

-Our ancestors have been carrying our destiny on their shoulders for generations, I didn’t know that they were the last ones. It must be hard so we have to protect them. But whoever it is, they can’t blame us.

-I know. I will also keep my promise.

After the two of them finished talking, the red and blue light energies mixed together and faced Jaehwang.

-You’re all the world has left, stay here and help this kid. Until the day comes, you and that kid would have to choose between life or death.

-Huh? We have to choose?!

The red light suddenly began to shake.

-Everything has already been decided. Follow along. Here.

-These type of sneaky people... I like them!

The red light replied as if it was complaining. The blue light then went into Jaehwang’s injured right eye. The red light later followed as the ancestral tablets that were emitting the blue lights began to lose its strength.

It gathered a lot of strength to subdue the other lights however, the blue light broke free and swooped through the air as if it still had something it had to do. It dashed straight over Jaehwang’s body and remained in place.

-Now, through this light, I will give you strength and energy.

He helped him so he could help his ancestors. He begged him for his help, he begged Jaehwang to save all of them.

-Please, help us!

There was then the sound of dozens of people screaming.

Patpatt... Patpatt... Patpatpattt...

A red light emitted out of his eyes as his body absorbed the white dust surrounding him. He continued to absorb everything until the tablets floating in the air lost its power and fell to the ground one by one.

A strange feeling started to spread through Jaehwang’s entire body.

Udeudeuk...

The bones inside his body became distorted and made a cracking sound. His face was then horrendously deformed and he felt more pain as time went on.

Kwahdeuk... Udeuk

The power surged through Jaehwang’s face and made his face muscles squirm. His hair and eyebrows fell out and flew together with the wind as all of the bones in his body were taken out and was later re-assembled.

Jaehwang’s body dried out and his eyes started to crack. He was worried if he would die like this. His skin then turned white and was torn open like a shell. The pain had finally stopped and he was now born again.

Turning over a new leaf

His entire body gushed out a torrent of black energy which was then replaced by a bright sparkling light as his body took on its new form. All of his scars from the accident disappeared and was replaced by skin that was good as new. He looked like a prince before but now, he bore an honorable face belonging to a saint.

Everything was perfectly structured again and his hair grew until it reached his shoulders.

Swoo...

A few of the last ancestral tablets fell from out of the air. Jaehwang’s perfectly reborn body was then dropped on the floor. There were only two ancestral tablets left and they trembled anxiously until a voice came out of them.

“We have now given you everything.”

“Haha... Great. Now save us...”

Pasasak...

“Save our legacy and undo everything!”

The three ancestral tablets then shattered and reduced to dust. The white energy from the shattered tablets then covered Jaehwang before they disappeared without a trace.

Paat...

The shrine thereafter exploded with white energy and poured every last drop of it into Jaehwangs body..

Whoosh...

The strong wind from the shrine eventually died down.

[Saving the world fusion defensive system ‘Save’ Gagseog talents found.]

[Skill analyzing... ‘Immortal talent’]

[Recipient’s system access starting.... Complete]

[Saving the world fusion defensive system Gagseog willpower starting.]

Whii...

Thousands of strings appeared in the air over Jaehwang’s body. One of them realized his biggest wish and placed itself onto him.

[Gagseog... leveling system transplant complete...]

[Promoting system transplant complete... Two common skills installed.]

[Consumer capacity digitization analytic complete... transplant complete...]

[descent inherit unique skill found...analyzing...three unique skills and 2 real skills found.]

[Tiger hunter-Unique Skill, Rank 1]

[Archery-Unique Skill, Rank 1]

[Inherited Bowmanship-Unique Skill, Rank 1]

[Energy- Real Skill, Rank 1]

[Mental strength-Real Skill, Rank 1]

Skill analyzing in progress...Skill meter complete!

A New Page 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 13: A New Page 2




“Ah...”

Jaehwang was surprised as soon as he sat up and saw how messy the shrine turned looked. Everything was torn apart as if a typhoon raged through his home while he was asleep. He sighed as he gave his surroundings a blank stare until he noticed a cold feeling.

He looked down and noticed that he was buck naked. All of his clothes were ripped away while he was being reborn again but Jaehwang didn’t even know that it happened in the first place.

Maybe someone else has been here? But it got even weirder when he realized that he somehow blacked out and forgot everything.

“My eye...”

He lost 30 percent of his eyesight when he injured his right eye in the accident. That accident had caused him to train much more so that he could get used to the imbalance in his vision. He could still shoot an arrow with his eyes closed but it was still hard. But then, he realized that his sight had gotten completely better. In fact, it was even better than before.

‘How could it have gotten so much better?...’

He could see everything perfectly.

He had a difficult time adjusting to the sudden change in his eye but, he eventually got used to it after focusing for a few seconds. He was so surprised over what happened with his eyes that he haven’t noticed the other change yet.

“What’s going on? I must be going insane?”

Before the accident, his skills were about 1.2 but now he feels like they’re over 3.0.

But the real surprise didn’t come just yet. Jaehwang stood up and felt the strength and energy surging throughout his body. The numbness that he always felt in his right hand had now disappeared.

He looked at his right hand and saw that all of the scarring and marks have disappeared. All he could see was porcelain white skin, it looked as good as new.

“What the hell happened.”

He began to wonder on how he get there. He then started to remember the dream that he had.

‘It’s all so clear...’

That’s it. He remembered that he went out hunting for wild pigs yesterday and almost died when he encountered a third tier monster. He barely escaped from that monster. He went back to the cabin after that and then into to the shrine where he instantly fell asleep. And... That dream...

“Ah...”

He remembered. The hunting rest area was filled with smoke... he met his ancestors... And... His mom... His dad...

“It was only a dream...”

It was just a dream but it felt so real. He met his parents and saw his ancestors. They were having such a hard time.

“That couldn’t have been real.”

He thought that maybe he just lost his mind and none of that really happened. He then felt a sharp pain throughout his body.

It felt like something was broken. He heard a screaming sound that came out of nowhere. What could it be? Was it coming from him? What was it that his ancestors couldn’t give up on? He wasn’t sure about that but he knew that there was something that he needed to do. He knew that whatever happened to him, he won’t be able to pay back all their kindness...

He then saw something green flickering over in the corner of the room.

He looked at it wondering what could it be...

“Jaehwang, are you in the there?”

He heard the voice of Mr. Song (his granddad) coming from outside the shrine. He quickly got up to let him know that he was there, but then he instantly froze after hearing a girl’s voice.

-They can’t come in because you aren’t wearing any clothes.

“Huh?”

He stopped moving looked down and realized that he really was still not wearing any clothes. He then looked all around the room wondering where that voice came from and then heard the voice again.

-I wanted to talk to you. I want to know how you’re feeling.

Jaehwang then looked through the crack of the door and saw Mr. Song standing with his granddaughters from before.

“Damn it!”

He got frustrated about seeing those two and he was currently confused on what was going on.

“Jaehwang, are you there?”

Asked Mr. Song again. He would open the door immediately for him but Jaehwang couldn’t open the door just yet.

The cabin was located deep within the mountains and the path to get there was dark and dangerous. Because Jaehwang haven’t returned from the cabin in a few days, Mr. Song started to get worried. So he bought the two girls with him to see what’s going on.

It wasn’t a good idea to bring young girls out in the middle of the mountains like this but, they insisted on coming with him so they could apologize. However, the moment they stepped foot onto the mountain trail they regretted coming along...

“Grandpa, when are we going to sit and take a rest?”

The fall weather was cold but they were all covered in sweat. Mr. Song even got tired and was relieved when they finally reached their destination.

“Uhh...”

Jaehwang froze in place. He could hear them clearly but he couldn’t come out yet.

“What happened...”

He looked around in confusion and saw his reflection in a piece of broken glass.

He saw small writing on the side of his right eye.

[Jaehwang-Tiger Hunter]

He got a strange feeling as soon as he saw the writing. There was also some chord sticking out of him and his whole body felt weird.

-Huh... Is it magic? Everything is completely different... This has to be magic.

-Who are you?

He asked a voice he heard in his head.

-... If you don’t know me then can you be ask that question? But it’s fine. Everything you liked and everything you hated, it all has become one and you have to say it. You have been descended from a legendary archer who protected the central districts.

The voice of a girl started to talk and he responded by tilting his head...

-You’ll save everyone, right? You’ll hunt the monsters?

He then heard the voice again.

-Where is that coming from...

He listened to the girl’s clear voice which was changed into a more exciting tone.

The moment he tried to ask what was she talking about, the shrine door slightly opened.

“Are you there?”

Mr. Song’s granddaughter peeked through the door. He was not wearing any clothes but luckily, she didn’t notice him. She just looked inside the shrine and then closed the door after a second. It seemed like she wasn’t able to notice anyone in there.

“Nothings here.”

“Don’t just walk in!”

He heard Mr Song’s shout..

The girls shared the same age as Jaehwang, if they saw him without any clothes then he wouldn’t be able to look at them. He then wondered how the voice in his head knew about what happened to his archery skills.

-How do you know all that?

She answered back with a cold voice.

Her words were full of sadness. She called him the world’s monster hunter but she didn’t sound too honest. She then asked something else in a more serious tone..

-They’re going to apologize. What are you going to say?

It was easy to think about it but saying it aloud makes hard. Jaehwang didn’t respond and then she answered back.

-You don’t have to hide, just be yourself. But, I don’t think you should go out there without any clothes.

The strange feeling inside of him then disappeared.

-I’m still a bit tired but I’m done hiding. First, I need to get some clothes.

‘That’s it.’

He opened the window in the shrine and sneaked out to the back of the cabin. The window was quite far from the ground but his body had become light so it was easy. Jaehwang jumped through the window and went through the main entrance and put on the remaining clothes in his bag.

-This path has been here for 500 years and these clothes have become completely become dull.

The clothes were little dull but they’ll have to do. He wanted to finish talking with the voice in his head but he first had to go find Mr. Song. As he was leaving the room, he caught a glimpse of his reflection on a mirror. He stopped to look and froze at what he saw.

“My face...”

He touched his face wondering what happened to it as well as his hair.

“Oh my gosh.”

-Your face looks good...

It was unbelievable. The scar that distorted his face was gone. But now his face looked different from what it was like before the accident, It was so much structured.

“Who is this...”

He asked who was the extremely handsome guy looking back at him in the mirror. It had been 2 years since the accident. His old face haven’t completely disappeared but the face he saw looking back at him was very unfamiliar.

Jaehwang then grabbed a hat off of the hanger and pulled it low over his face.

A New Page 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 14: Maybe I’m Not Happy 1




-Why are you hiding?

-Even though I look good now, maybe I don’t like it.

He just gave a short answer.

It’s been 2 years since the accident happened. He didn’t care about what he looked before because his fans were proud of him for who he was. But when the accident happened and his face.was damaged, they looked at his face in disgust and his beloved fans avoided him like a bug.

Honestly, he didn’t even feel like girls would like him now either…

Instead of being happy about his handsome face, he was more happy about what happened to his eye. He had to find out how this happened. but until then, he couldn’t let anyone see his face. He opened the door and left the room and went to greet Mr. Song.

“Granddad, you’re here.”

He said after greeting him.

“Yes, I came to see you. Are you feeling okay?”

“Yeah, I’m okay. But, I can’t come back down to the village. I’m busy with all the training”

“That’s alright, we thought that you were still training.”

Mr. Song then gave him a smile filled with relief. Jaehwang hid his face and hair using a hat so they wouldn’t be able to notice the change. Mr. Song guessed that the reason he was wearing it was because of what happened a few days ago.

“Hello.”

The two girls walked next to Mr. Song and bowed their heads.

“H-hello.”

Jaehwang responded with a light bow so his hat could stay in place.

“I’m really sorry about what happened.”

Said the girl who called him ugly during his stay over at Mr. Song’s house. Mr. Song scolded them both and told them about the tragedy that happened to him and his family. She wanted him to understand that she was not a terrible person, she just made a mistake.

Jaehwang was a person who lost his family and half of his face. He’s out at night hunting wild pigs for the people in the village. Nice people are the ones who usually get hurt…

“It’s okay.”

Jaehwang accepted her apology with a calm and a composed voice. He was hurt at first, but now his face changed so there was no need to hold a grudge about it anymore. However, his calm answer made their current situation worse.

He tried to not sound angry and just be cool about it but it just made their entire conversation turn awkward. It did its job but it wasn’t able to remove the remaining scars.

“Jaehwang… Take this.”

Mr. Song broke the awkward atmosphere by handing him a dirty paper bag.

“What’s this?”

“Well… Even though you’ve already caught so many wild pigs, I bought you something from the town. I tried to tell you about it that day, but you ran here so I came to give it to you.”

“Oh…Yeah.”

He said that he came all the way up this dangerous mountain to give him that but Jaehwang didn’t look too happy about it. Jaehwang actually planned not to go down the mountain for a long time and because of that, Mr. Song went on an inconvenient trip just to hand it to him. All of this happened because he refused to get hurt and now he only felt worse.

“Thank you.”

“Of course, hahaha”

Jaehwang took the paper bag and bowed. Mr. Song then mirrored his movements and laughed with a breath of relief.

“Have you had lunch?”

“Oh…lunch.”

There aren’t any clocks when you’re out in the middle of the mountains. He just assumed the time by Mr. Song mentioning lunch.

“I’m not ready yet but I will be there in just a little so we can all eat together, okay?”

“Oh.. Okay. See you then.”

If they arrived here at noon then that meant that they went up the mountain early and that means they haven’t eaten anything since this morning.

“Okay, I’ll be in the next room.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang went into the kitchen and the two girls followed along.

-Teen’s clothing had become more and more revealing these days..

Said the voice of the spirit inside of him, making Jaehwang look back. Mr. Song’s granddaughters seem prepared for the fall weather. They were wearing hiking pants and long sleeved tops. But after arriving here they’ve changed into a bit revealing t-shirts and skinny jeans. It was warm at the top so that made it wearable.

-Do they like to eat wild pigs?

-Shut up.

He told the spirit in his head to be quiet before he turned to the two girls.

“I can do it alone, it’s okay. Go have some rest.”

“No, please let us help.”

“It’s okay, I’ll do it.”

There was not much to work with.

He was not a good cook but he planned to cook the vegetables with garlic, soy sauce, and salt.

“Then just let us watch you at least.”

Jaehwhang glance towards the side and took a deep breath.

“Follow me.”

They came into the kitchen and Jaehwang opened the bag of rice.

“Do I have enough?”

He didn’t buy much since he lived alone but now he had to make a meal for three more. The thought of going down the mountain to buy food ran through his mind but there was no time. He needed to satisfy his guest at the moment so he washed the rice with water and placed it in the electric rice cooker.

[Jaehwang-The cook]

He then noticed his reflection in the boiling water and saw the writing that suddenly started to show up on his right eye.

‘How did that get there?’

In the shrine it said ‘Tiger Hunter’ but now it says ‘Cook’. He somehow felt a change as he placed the rice in the water and saw it.

He didn’t have any idea of what was going on but it felt weird. He sent the girls off and told them how he would do it and then he checked the rice water again and turned it up a bit higher. Now all that was left to do was to make the side dishes…

“Whoa…”

The two girls peeked through the door and watched him cook in awe. He was not an amazing cook. It was nothing special, the ingredients were few and common. What he did was pretty basic, he just cooked the pork with vegetables and added an egg.

But his movements were so concise and quick. He lightly washed the vegetables and placed them in the water. He then broke the egg and placed it into the ttukbaegi (soybean paste stew). He followed up by adding in various types of neatly cut vegetables with rhythmical movements like a professional chef.

There was some stopwatch in his head that lets him know when it was time to switch to the next dish. He picked the vegetables out of the water and sprinkled some seasoning on them. He made three to four new side dishes. This was the first time he tried making one and they turned out to be perfect.

Jaehwang was as surprised as the girls who watching him.

“Since when could I cook like this?”

The recipe didn’t come out as he thought it would.

‘What is this?’

He decided to make something flavorful and the ideas just rushed through his head. The seasonings even added the taste he was going for.

-Wow… You’re surprisingly good at cooking.

The spirit inside him admired his skills… he then went to set the table and placed the food on it. The girls were not able to move on from watching his cooking skills. They followed him back into the kitchen after he finished setting the rice and the steamed eggs on the table .

“Wow… You did all of this?”

One of the girls said while they both looked at the set table in surprise. He was just 18 and looking after the cabin in the middle of the mountains. They couldn’t believe that it was so clean and he was this talented.

“Wow…”

Mr. Song picked up a pair of chopstick and proceeded to take a little bite off of the seasoned bracken and his eyes opened widely with shock.

The scent of the vegetables and its texture were perfect. The soy sauce salt, garlic and perilla oil were all blended together so well. The steamed eggs were soft like a sponge and the rice was flawlessly cooked.

His granddaughters came and they all joined the table. The three of them took a bowl of rice blew off its steam. Mr. Song then tried a side dish.

“Isn’t it good?”

“Wow! I didn’t know you could cook like this. Haha.”

“It’s amazing. It was just like what my mom used to make.”

“How did you get all the ingredients for this?”

He would ask for a thank you but their compliments were more than enough. He couldn’t eat anything because he couldn’t risk showing his face. He just sat there and kept a conversation going so that no one would notice and get suspicious.

After treating Mr. Song to a meal, he gave the two girls a glass of water and sat down. Usually he would just send them off sooner but there was a chance that they would get suspicious of him. So he just sent them off after they’ve finished their meal… He then asked an important question to Mr. Song.

Mr. Song wriggles his eyebrows.

“A monster?”

“Yea, near a giant rock behind the village in the valley.”

Mr. Song’s complexion turned pale in fright. It was in the mountains but no one has ever seen a monster like this before. They have to warn the others about the monster so everyone could stay safe. But, that didn’t sound like an optimal plan since that might cause everyone to unnecessarily panic.

A serious atmosphere had overtaken the table. It was the kind of scene you could watch every day on TV, but somehow, they didn’t expect this dangerous feeling to come in touch with reality.

“It was a third tier monster. It looked…”

Maybe I’m Not Happy 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 15: Maybe I’m Not Happy 2




Jaehwang continued his story and Mr. Song listened to him as he nodded his head. Jaehwang told him about everything he saw that night without mentioning that he also almost died. The situation was as stressful, Jaehwang didn’t want to give him something to worry about.

“You have to report it to the police.”

“Yea, I was going to do that but, it’s not easy up on the mountain.”

Mr. Song understood his reason and shook his head in agreement.

“I see. they really need to at least make phone lines for this place but the last mountain village general didn’t want that.”

“I would be so thankful if they could add them.”

“Me too. Are you okay? It’s lonely here…”

Mr. Song asked Jaehwang in a concerned voice.

“I’m okay. This is my ancestor’s place. I will take care of it and protect it.”

Mr. Song nodded his head and drank some water. After everyone had finished eating, Jaehwang sent them off and left the room to go back into the shrine.

He greeted the ancestral tablets and then looked over towards the corner and saw the green light again.

“It’s so obvious.”

Two of his skillful talents were at the 5th place (the lowest) and his athletic skills weren’t that good just yet, but when he started to remember what he learned before and what he learned them. He looked at the green mark and a status window soon appeared in front of him.

Name: Jeon Jaehwang – Rank: F 10/0 Level 1/10000 exp

Physical strength: 2

Speed: 3

Stamina: 2

Sense: 5

Consciousness: 2

Installation: 43/50

Installation recovery rate: 4

Jinmeong

-Archery Sniper (Real)

Effects

Speed: 0.5

Sense: 1

??

-Silent Tracker(Real)

Effects

Stamina: 1

Installation recovery rate: 0.5

??

Skills in Possession

Unique Skill:

Tiger hunter-Rank 1, 0.2 percent

Archery-Rank 1, 0 percent

Inherited skill-Rank 1, 0 percent.

Real Skill

Energy-Rank 1, 1.43 percent

Determination-Rank 1 0.98 percent

Special Skill

–

Common Skill

Cooking- Rank 1, 0.21 percent

Fast Resurrection-Rank 1, 0 percent

“I’m…A gagseog.”

This was something that he somehow expected before but he couldn’t help but look at the status window with a puzzled expression.

-Wow… It’s amazing. Only 500 years had passed by and magic like this happened…

The spirit inside of him spoke again.

-Do you know about the monster?

Of course that was something that everyone was completely aware of.

-I have to be careful to not attract any monsters.

He knew that he had to be wary of the monster. He needed to hear every detail and know every bit of information but he ignored that thought for now.

-If you don’t like it then don’t think about it.

-Huh?

The spirit said cutting off Jaehwang’s thinking.

-I would be angry too if I heard a different person’s voice in my head. I would immediately tell it to leave if I didn’t like it…

-You…Never mind…

He started to get mad…Jaehwang then talked in a more serious and stern voice.

-If you can’t leave then be quiet.

-Humph!

The spirit then stopped talking and Jaehwang went back to the status window projecting from the green light.

He had a lot to do every day and he never had a strange voice in his head interrupting him. A spirit in his head made him feel anxious. He was having trouble figuring out his thoughts and it got harder to pinpoint what he really thought.

Of course he didn’t hear every single thing the spirit said. It could move into his heart so he could just have full control over his thoughts. That thought might be as good as it sounds but it wasn’t an easy thing to do since the whole process would tire him out mentally.

He just hoped that maybe the spirit wouldn’t behave like this all the time. He was starting to get annoyed because everytime he tried to think of something, the spirit would interrupt and confuse him.

“Quiet down, it doesn’t matter.”

He ignored the spirit in his head and proceeded to leave the room. It was when he realized that his strength had increased and he felt that he could now lift an extra hundred kilograms.

His physical strength originally had a rating of 2. Before he could only easily lift things that weighed 80 kilograms but now he could lift things weighing 160 kilograms with no effort. It was like his entire body had changed. He smiled, realizing that this would help him be able to constantly train.

Getting to the next level was important but he knew that he had to start from the basics and gain more synergy…

Reaching that goal couldn’t be treated as a walk in the park. It would not only be about lifting things with his strength alone, it was also important that he could lift heavier things faster. He needed to lift things and walk at the same time. He was decided that would be the best course of practice since his body’s ability would rise higher and he would become strong all over.

But if that was too hard then he would definitely stop…

“Is there something wrong with the skill?”

When he was younger he would do it as if he was playing a mobile game. The skill came out nicely just as he wanted but the muscles he got were not helpful to his kills at that time. Every Gagseog had the same skills and Jaehwang had a hard time utilizing them.

They especially had a lot of common skills. Biyeondoes had a lot of skills as well, but real skills weren’t even developed on the few of their kind.

Sharing the same skill names didn’t mean they would also share the same effects. There were also a few cases that even though their names and effects were completely different, they both had a similar effect.

Besides, some real skills were rare between Biyeondoes and Gagseogs. It also wasn’t that having a real skill would be useless for them, everyone that had a real skill were high ranked hunters.

Heroes in the past needed all the skills that they could get and they seemed to not know everything although they didn’t even know about the few really unique skills that were left.

Jaehwang made a light movement to check the changes. His speed felt faster even though his feet didn’t feel the same as before.

For the first time, he felt like aiming for the highest rank after being reminded that he was in Rank F, level 1. He had set a clear goal to reach the next rank and eventually reach level 10

“I’m…A debaouser?”

He thought that he was a Gagseop before but now he was starting to rethink it. He was a noble hunter… He just went through dozens of modifications.

First off, he was happy. What else could he fell other than that?

He became stronger and now he knew that couldn’t get hurt like before. He wrapped his hands into a fist and stared at it with a beaming smile. He then heard the voice from inside his head again.

-For hundreds of years, your ancestors had sacrificed everything so you could be happy…

-What are you talking about?

-Just as I said. It looked like you’ve gotten stronger and it made you happy but, the reason you’re strong was because of your ancestors’ sacrifice.

The voice spoke with a cold tone and Jaehwang turned his back around in the shrine. A dark shadow then appeared from the ancestral tablets on the altar.

-I think we need to talk. Tell me, what are you talking about?….

The place was filled silence and then the voice started to talk again.

-I’m in the middle of another spell so I could tell you the details of the story. But another one of those sneaky tricks were coming up so I wouldn’t be able to tell you everything.

-No, just tell me.

-Fine. A long time ago I met someone and he cursed me. I was able to survive with half of my body doing fine. I thought that maybe the only way to break it was to let your ancestors lift it so I had to confront them. And now, you’re standing at the very place were your ancestors and I fought that day.

-How did it happen?

-Well, your ancestors broke their promise.

-…And?

-When I woke up, your ancestors were trying to trap me in a box. I didn’t know that they couldn’t just lock me in there and imprison me. But I felt like there was something bigger than that since they all gathered together and tried to confine me for hundreds of years.

They used up all of their energy until I was destroyed.

For 500 years, dozens of your ancestors lived and died together… Your ancestors had been protecting you for generations…

-Stop…

Jaehwang warned the spirit to stop talking.

-They did all of it just for you!

He then got mad.

Kwang!

“…”

Jaehwang then made a fist with his two hands and hit the top of the shrine.

The spirit stopped talking and he felt the spirit going out of his head and into his heart. Jaehwang felt a cold feeling inside of him.

The spirit started to calm him down after a long time but she was still in Jaehwang’s heart making it cold.

Both of them were connected spiritually and with just one word, his sadness became hers.

Swoosh…

A white light started to come out of Jaehwang’s right eye and it started to take form in front of him. The shape took a form into a beautiful woman who was just as tall as Jaehwang. She had white hair that reached down to her waist and a porcelain white skin along with the mark of a tiger on her shoulder.

She was wearing a long-sleeved dress that reached her ankles but she didn’t seem delicate. She looked like a well-trained warrior.

Jaehwang sensed something in front of him so he lifted his head and saw the girl standing there. She looked like she was maybe in her early twenties… He had never seen someone like her before. She then looked at him with a smile.

“Who are you?”

Jaehwang asked as he took a step back. The girl looked calm but Jaehwang’s heart was already beating fast and his mind turned blank. She reminded him of Han Sooji, the girl that he used to date. Her appearance may have triggered his memories but that spirit’s beauty couldn’t be compared to hers.

She covered her mouth with her hand and laughed. Her voice sounded familiar.

“Are you a spirit?”

“Yes.”

“Your face…?”

“You’ve seen it before.”

Jaehwang unknowingly holds his breath.

“Are you a tiger hunter?”

She gave him a pitiful look and answered.

“I have the power over every form of nature, I’m not an angel. Do you know why I’m here? I’m here to help you and….”

“Ah…”

He understood what she was saying so he looked at her and then closed his eyes. It was not anything simple and pretty, it was more of an evil call. He was much more comfortable than he thought he would be. Of course, that was because it was just her and his spirit being connected. She soon finished talking and he asked,

“Could you go back in?”

“Hm.. If that’s what you want…”

She transformed back into a cloud of white smoke before she went back through his right eye.

-Are you there?

-Yeah, and I could come out whenever you want.

-Okay.

Maybe I’m not happy 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 16: Maybe A Spirit is Very Useful 1




The spirit mentioned something about a unique skill and Jaehwang just responded to by nodding his head.

Jaehwang got up from his chair and jumped back on his feet. The energy was another skill he trained for since he was young. He always wondered how to change it and turn it like what he saw earlier.

[Energy]

Cheuu…

He felt the energy that he couldn’t feel before overflowing throughout his body. It felt like his skin has been ripped off and was replaced by a better one. They also poured out of his limbs and gave him a slight spin before it went back to his body.

‘This is a lot of energy.’

Hunters would sometimes depend on this energy and would train them along with their physical abilities evenly. The hunters that had a lot of this energy could pass through rank B but they would usually stay at rank C.

It was a common knowledge that the ones who learned to control this power would be able to progress much faster.

‘I’ll use my father’s breathing method to help control and control the energy.’

He remembered that he didn’t like his father before, the accident just served as a wake-up call and made him realize that he loved him as much as his loved his mother.

He never liked the traditions and practices that his father drilled into him as a kid but he decided to stay at the cabin for a little longer anyway. He remained undecided if he still liked them or not but he chose to remain here as the only successor left to protect their heritage.

But… He was also now living a new life all because of his ancestors’ sacrifice.

Jaehwang tried to think of a way to resolve it in his head. This was something that couldn’t just be easily fixed. He tried to think about the kindness from his ancestors’ hearts and a way he could somehow pay them back.

He then recalled what happened in his dream and recollected the fragments of his ancestor’s hopes and dreams. They said that they wanted to be set free. They all worked hard so their pain and suffering would end. That was all they wanted.

‘Freedom…’

Jaehwang gave it some more thought. His descendants wanted to be free and they were all relying on Jaehwang to offer his helping hand.

‘I have to be strong so I could set them free.’

Jaehwang then stood up from his seat.

-Something’s different about you.

The spirit felt that something changed inside of him.

-No…Nothing happened. I’m still the same.

-I could feel a lot of energy coming from you.

‘And I guess I don’t actually hate my ancestors.’

***

The cold dawn wind blew throughout the mountain and reached every corner of his surroundings.

‘Ah…’

Jaehwang stopped walking and stared into the small window projecting in front of him.

The lowest skill that he had was [Tiger Hunter] and he could keep it for up to 30 seconds.

’10 seconds have been used…’

10 seconds was quite a lot in terms of combat. According to his calculations, 50 to 150 seconds should be his limit and escaping while he had more time would be great. But he also understood that there have been a few cases where he wouldn’t have that luxury.

He went to the mountains and brought all of his tiger-hunting arrows with him.

He knew that his level was low, but he understood that he could get stronger. The duration of his skill increases along with his mental strength as he leveled up. He was level one and was currently sitting at the bottom of the rankings. He was slowly getting anxious about the monsters that he would face but his life and his ancestors’ freedom depended on it. He almost died when he ran into that third tier monster and he didn’t want something like that to happen again.

That was his first reason. The second reason was that he came here because he had a unique skill called tiger hunter which he wanted to try out for himself. As strong as it might be, a unique skill could also be one’s downfall. He/she could get the skill with just one word but there would also be a chance that it would not be a good thing. Jaehwang’s goal was not to shorten his battles, it was more about finding a fatal weak point and striking it as soon as possible.

And there was another reason that was similar to that one.

Jaehwang grabbed his bow and readied his arrow instructions. He placed the arrow on the string and a window showed up projecting the details about the arrow.

[Unique Arrow] [Arrow Barrage] [Guided Arrow] [Enhanced Arrow]

The information was there to make things easier.

He could even just touch the arrow and see all the information about it… He had to get used to using his skills and finding out how they worked since he only just got them.He was relieved that he didn’t need to practice casting them.

This would be the first time that he would be training with his new skills. He calmed his heart as he slowly readied the arrow instructions. He took a deep breath and the name of the skill showed up in his head.

‘It’s a unique… arrow.’

Dududuk…

He pulled the arrow back on the red string and aimed. He shot it without making any mistakes and it was sent flying.

‘Isn’t this amazing?’

That’s what someone would ask if they were there to witness it. He had no trouble with casting his skills but he still had to aim correctly. It would almost be impossible to see a target more than 200 meters away. It would be even more difficult to land a bullseye if he wouldn’t take the time to aim. He had to use and coordinate with his eyes as well as his hands.

He also had to consider the wind that blew around him. If he took a shot at the wrong time there would be a chance that his arrow would get redirected somewhere else by the wind. He then smiled. satisfied that the arrow followed in the direction he shot it.

Pisisik…

And with that, the secret skill finished its duration as all of its time had been used up. He sighed as he placed everything in order once again. He then thought,

‘Maybe I do need some practice.’

He knew how to shoot and he understood how the skill worked but he was not used to it just yet. He wanted to learn more about it and how it could be used in used in a few other ways.

He thought that it would be simple but he was still only a beginner, not an expert. And even though he had something that he could call his talent, he was having a hard time. He was not so versatile in terms of his skills so he had to learn how to properly use it…

The skill time limit was inevitable. He now had the most valuable unique skill that he could think of. But no he somehow needs to get rid of the limit so that he could have a better practice.

-We have a long way to go. All we can do is practice.

-Good idea.

***

He ended his practice, ate his breakfast, changed his clothes and then put on his backpack. He reached for his hat and pulled it down over his face to get ready and go down to the mountain village. He then heard the voice of the spirit inside him.

-Oh you’re finally going to a place where other humans live?

-Yes. I have to buy groceries and I have to go and put the money that my granddad gave me in the bank…

He never worried a lot about his groceries when he lived in the city. But now he had to calculate everything since he could only afford to go down every now and then. He had to figure out what he needed and buy only the necessities and not only food.

People usually say they would like to live on the mountain but they only say that because they have never experienced it. It would be impossible for some of them to leave all of their convenient things behind.

He went down the mountain and into his granddad’s house. He saw that no one was home and proceeded to buy his groceries. And after that he went to the bus stop and took the village bus to get to the town.

-It doesn’t seem so bad here, I can hear some music, great music.

The spirit kept mumbling.

-Keep it down

-Why!

He couldn’t hear anything so he started to get mad and the mumbling soon stopped.

‘I’m just tired.’

He felt tired about having a whole different person inside his head. Jaehwang was not the type to show his anger and always kept everything to himself. These past two years had not been the best, he could keep a conversation going but talking to a spirit in his head was the weirdest thing ever. He barely knew her. And although he found her to be cool and all, she could be annoying when she rambles on.

Whirring

The bus came to a stop up. Jaehwang got on the bus and went on his way to the market. It was the biggest market in this small town and it was filled with lots of people. He bought rice, meat, and other things from the market adding up about $30.

He finished his shopping spree and then wondered why he couldn’t just get his things delivered.

It was common knowledge that he could ask for delivery when he needed more than what he had planned. There was a chance that they couldn’t deliver that far up in the mountain so he asked an employee at the shop to check.

The employee answered back in a rude tone.

“Yes we do offer that kind of service but do you think we would deliver that far up the mountain? No.”

The employee was a muscular looking guy. Jaehwang got mad at his rude answer so he replied in the same way.

“But didn’t it used to deliver that far?”

The employee then started to get angry and raised his voice.

“If you want to be annoying about it then fine! Go find the employee from then and ask him. But we don’t deliver there now.”

The employee went back to work and Jaehwang just awkwardly scratches his head. Obviously that employee from then was no longer there and maybe just lives around the neighborhood now. They probably don’t deliver that far anymore.

“It’s no big deal.”

Since there would be no deliveries, he thought that he would just have to keep taking the bus to the town. His energy improved but it could still reach its limit. He then heard the voice of the spirit again.

A spirit is very useful 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 17: Maybe A Spirit is Very Useful 2




-Hm… Did something happen?

-Yea, they don’t deliver stuff anymore so I can’t take everything.

The spirit fell silent for second before answering back.

-I’ll negotiate with them.

-Huh?

Jaehwang tilted his head as he wondered what she meant. She followed it up by explaining a way to negotiate and resolve the problem.

-Can you help me? I want to buy all of this.

-What do you need?

-Okay, If it’s not too much to ask for, I would just need help taking my stuff.

Jaehwang nodded his head on what she said.

-How can I take all of these?

-Give me a second.

After she went over on what she had to say they waited at the cart filled with the groceries. He then heard her voice again.

-Hand out your right hand.

Jaehwang opened his right hand and looked in surprise.

-What’s this?

He asked as soon as he saw a deep black hole that had suddenly appeared in the middle of his palm.

-Okay, now… Touch the groceries with your hand.

He followed her instruction and touched everything in the cart with his right hand.

Syuuuk

Everything had started to move and he was left speechless.

-What happened?

-Just a little magic. There’s endless amount of magic in the mountains that I could tap into. But here I have a limit on what I can do. It’s not good to store your food in this place but we had to do it. This could take a while…

-Ah… I see.

And the magic started again and Jaehwang then said,

-…Wow this is going great.

She kept quiet as she took in all of the things from his cart with his hand.

“Huh…”

An employee saw Jaehwang sucking everything he bought into his hand. He got scared, he was just wearing old shabby clothes and a hat over his face. He was the one who came earlier to requesting for delivery and he didn’t seem to be that strong.

‘If he has that kind of ability then why is he asking for something like a delivery?’

The employee wondered why he didn’t use that power in his own favor. He looked like a man who had a lot of pride and wants to let everyone know that he was a hunter.

‘Maybe it was on purpose…’

Soon after using that plan to ask for delivery service, it was not working out as he planned.

Of course, it was a dangerous plan but, it was worth the risk. Now the employee would have to give that hunter some settling money when he leaves. It could only be a small amount of change but the employee knew that he had to do it or else, he would be eating breakfast in the hospital tomorrow.

Jaehwang started to absorb the groceries with his hands. He got the attention of other people in the market making them take a step back. No one could see his face so none could recognize him.

“S-sir…Excuse me?”

“Yes?”

A male employee asked as he scratched his head in confusion. He had beads of sweat on his face as he looked around at the other senior employees. He then walked to the customer and asked what was going on.

The male employee from earlier started to laugh. He laughed at the idea that he was now getting involved with him again asking if it was really that necessary. He was about to talk to him and Jaehwang then felt a strong force hitting at the back of his head.

Pang!

“Ow!”

He fell flat on his face.

“Sorry, sir. We would be doing some retraining so this kind of thing won’t happen again.”

He looked at the one who interrupted him and hit him in the head. His facial expression couldn’t be recognized because of his hat but he glared at him without saying anything.

The employee didn’t know what kind of mistake he made but he had experienced this kind of trouble with hunters before. He realized that it would be best to accept what would happen and get over with it.

Th hunter came and complained about the products that he bought were expired. He didn’t know who to talk to so he went towards to the female employee and she didn’t have the answers he needed. Both parties were at fault since the hunter didn’t check the expiration date ahead of time for the expired product.

The employee replied back in an angry tone and the hunter responded by picking up his items ones by one and throwing them towards her. That day, everyone watched an employee eat 2.5 liters of spoiled milk.

“You…Whatever, it’s okay.”

Jaehwang unconsciously waved his hand with a deep breath to calm himself down and relax. No matter what happens, he didn’t want them to see him as a bad person.

“But, I have to buy some things.”

“Really?”

Jaehwang said as he walked over towards the snack corner.

-What’s this?

-Chocolate, snacks.

-…Like pancakes?

-Candy

-It’s like sugar? What’s this?

-Chocolate

-Hm… It’s weird but it looks good. Buy it.

Jaehwang placed it in the cart.

-That one… and that one…

He then went over towards the food corner and as they passed by something that the spirit wanted he would just put it in the cart without a word.

-That too, that looks good. Put that in there too.

-You’re going to eat that?

-Uh… Well, it only has a good package to make you buy it, right?

They then went over to the fruits and the bakery section.

-Look at that! That red thing! And that over there too…It looks good. I want it.

The spirit pointed out and begged for a colorful cream cake until Jaehwang placed it in the cart.

– The total amount is $52 dollars and then all I have left is 9 dollars.

He counted the cash in his wallet and then suddenly stopped. He looked at everything he bought and most of it was snacks like chocolate, candy, cake etc… He started to think about his parents again as he remembered that these were the ones that his mom and dad never allowed him to eat.

But then a market representative saw a glance of his face and signaled someone to go and assist him. A female employee rushed to his side and extended her open palm.

“Hand me your card, please.”

“Huh? Why?…”

“Just hand it, please.”

“Okay okay…”

She swiped his card through the cash register and gave him some cash.

“Why are you giving me this cash?”

“Our employee made a mistake and we’re sorry for the poor service”

Jaehwang just looked at her and nodded his head. It was a result of an employee giving him poor service but he soon thought about refusing that compensation.

They then then finished swiping his card and paid for his groceries. As he left the senior employee took a deep breath of relief and looked the one who caused the problem.

“Finally…”

“Yeah… yeah”

Peoeok…

The senior employee hit the male employee on the head.

“The payment for those things are coming out of your paycheck. Understood?”

“Y-yes…”

“I hope that you learned your lesson about saying unnecessary things.”

“The next time that hunter comes, tell me so I could leave.”

“Yeah…and thanks.”

***

“Jaehwang!”

He arrived in the village and turned around after he heard someone calling his name. It was a head of the village, Mr. Kim who ran towards him and caught up.

“Hello.”

“Hi… were you going up the mountain?”

“Yeah.”

Mr. Kim was one of the youngest in the village head. He helped the village by taking care of its people. He did a really good job.

“Cool, how are you enjoying mountain life?”

“It’s great.”

He greeted Jaehwang before giving him a business card.

“The day after tomorrow?”

“Yes, the day after tomorrow. We were trying to gather hunters to help catch that monster… It will be great. And you haven’t even seen the face of the mountain general yet.”

Jaehwang responded by nodding his head. It was a bit of an inconvenience but, people could die if that monster was left to run free.

“Okay, got it. I’ll be there.”

“Okay. Ah… and…”

Jaehwang waited for what Mr. Kim was about to say. He saw him run towards the city hall and came back a moment later with a black box. He handed it off to him with a smile.

“What’s this?”

Jaehwang asked Mr. Kim as soon as he took the box in his hand.

“We are trying to bring cell phones into the mountain but we’re in the middle of a remote area so it was pretty difficult. So we’re taking out village fees to buy metropolitan phones.”

A metropolitan phone on the mountain or a remote area somewhere would eventually lead to smartphones. It would be a necessity to hunters but it may not be worth it. A phone’s price was double the amount of the payment that they would usually ask for.

“Why are you giving this to me?…”

“I just wanted someone to see it. But you don’t have to take it.”

“No, it’s okay, I’ll take it.”

After a second thought, he returned the black box to Mr. Kim and declined his participation in the hunter-gathering.

“Oh…I see… You caught the wild pigs for us and… you know. Honestly, this mountain is very dangerous so…You know… You were the only help that this mountain has ever had. So please, help us with this, please?”

Jaehwang noticed that he kept saying ‘You know’ and it almost made him laugh. He also wondered why was he trying to give him this high priced phone. He knew at the back of his head that there were more important things that had to buy.

This wasn’t only about needing to buy buy things for him. This mountain was special to Jaehwang and buying off a few phones would not change it. He decided to join the monster hunt and take the phone.

“Okay.”

He made a promise with himself since he was young that if the people on the mountain needed help, he wanted them to call him and he would not reject their request. He gave him a nod and took his box.

“Thank you. II hope that it’s not that big of a deal and that it would be too much of a burden to you…”

“Yeah.”

Jaehwang took back the metropolitan phone and said goodbye.

“Okay then, see you in a few days.”

“Okay.”

A spirit is very useful 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 18: Star Dust Clan 1




Jaehwang walked through the entrance of the cabin.

-Hand out your hand.

He lifted his hand towards the floor of the room just as the spirit said. He then soon started to take out the snacks that he bought from the market one by one. Jaehwang then realized that they have bought more things than he thought. He took out the remaining ones as the hole on his hand became smaller.

-.…Amazing. So convenient and unique.

-Why did you want all this stuff?

Jaehwang asked.

-To eat it, of course.

-Huh?

Jaehwang tilted his head in confusion. He had always thought that the spirit lived like a parasite in his body. He wondered if she would make him eat it or she would eat it herself. A few other questions had flooded to his mind as the white dust started to come out of his eye.

The dust gathered and soon turned into the shape of a person. Its height reached up to Jaehwang’s chest and as its shape became more defined, it started to look like a 12-year-old. She bore a cute face but she also gave off a strange smell.

“I think this will do.”

She glanced over towards Jaehwang and then turned her attention towards the room around her. She almost immediately started to eat the snacks that she asked for and it wasn’t long before the candy wrappers had spread all over the place. Jaehwang could see the sparkles in her eyes as she looked at the candies while she stuffed her face with chocolate and candy.

“Amazing. Is this really what you people eat? It’s great.”

She gazed at the boxes with an innocent look before she took one and handed it to Jaehwang. He then extended his hand and silently took it.

“Oh… What’s this one?”

She smelled the chocolate cookies as she picked up the box and used her fingers to pry it open. She slowly took one out and was mesmerized by the treat. She cleared her throat, opened her mouth and then proceeded to stuff every snack that she could get her hands on to her cheeks.

“The taste!…It’s so sweet…”

She was as hyper as a child but Jaehwang found it cute. He couldn’t even judge for being too excited since she has been trapped for a few thousands of years. He watched her for quite a bit and he couldn’t help but feel a little bit interested.

“Clean up after you eat.”

“I know.”

She answered back, hinting that she didn’t like the idea of cleaning up. She just focused on eating her snacks as if nothing had happened.

The entrance of the house softly opened and Jaehwang turned and could see the spirit eating snacks through the crack of the door.

The both of them can now think and do what they wanted without any interference. He thought that he’ll now be able to put his new abilities into use. And all she wanted to do was eat those snacks.

“That girl.”

He smiled.

***

A day had passed and today was the day for the hunter gathering in the village. Jaehwang made his way down the mountain at dawn but a giant rock appeared and blocked the path that he usually took.

“The phone…”

Syuuk

He said as he took his phone and held it in his right hand.

He turned on the phone, connected it to a map and typed in his current location with his finger. He had to be very specific when he typed it in.

-I’m not your porter!

Said the spirit in his head but Jaehwang just ignored it.

-Be quiet.

-Humph…

The spirit’s complaints had stopped as soon as Jaehwang asked her to. He continued on trying to get help using his phone. The spirit finally had started to listen to him and but then she stopped.

After they went to the market and bought all kinds of snacks that she ate instantly. He wondered how was she able to do it. She devoured them all as if she was in another world. Despite that, they haven’t been getting along that much. There were times that he would ask something but she barely listened and asked just ask him for favors.

“If you want to eat, then do it.”

“Ugh…”

After that, she gave him her attention without a word. She tried to behave as if she was in charge and didn’t help him ever since he woke up that morning. She just stayed inside of him and never did anything to help.

She knew that she had a lot to share with him. She could use a little of her magic and she still needed help from him… the only time that she got to do whatever she wanted was when he goes to sleep.

She understood that she would have to settle in his body until she could get her full power back.

But she does care about Jaehwang’s situation as well.

She couldn’t let another spirit fall into him. She had to learn a lot since she barely knew anything about this world. Especially those sweet treats, she understood that she had to listen to him so she could get her hands on those sweet things.

When he realized that she was there to offer her help, he had started to ask her for assistance and she was very useful.

Even hunters didn’t usually have lots of skills.

Hunters were always making the things that they would need. It would be expensive but if they had a little money then they could get everything that they needed.

The hunter’s skill space was unexpectedly small. the length, width, and height were usually about 1 meter and even their skill rank space couldn’t go over 3 meters. So compared to their limited skill slots, the spirit had unlimited power.

And so Jaehwang needed lots of her help. He didn’t know much but when he needed to he could search for something and he could quickly find it with her help. She was very strong and that was why he was taking the time to train with her. So when the times comes for them to engage in real combat, she would know what to do.

-I need three broadhead covered arrows…

Syusyuk….

-This one…

-Quiet.

Jaehwang’s eyes were filled with satisfaction as he looked at the three arrows in his hand. She still didn’t want to listen but she had to help him get more money so he could buy her some more delicious food. That’s why she followed his instructions and got the three arrows as he asked.

But it got to her when the things that he asked for was already in front of him and he would still call for help. Today was the day where he would meet up with the other hunters. She could already imagine having to do all the heavy lifting.

Jaehwang then arrived at the gathering. He bowed his head towards the older people and let the others know that he was there. He went to greet Mr. Song, who treated him like a grandson. He gave him a packed lunch.

The hunters took a bus and arrived in the village at noon. It was not like a usual bus and everyone was given gloves as they entered.

Whriinng

The bus was used in Europe but now that was just a thing of the past. The door opened silently and all of the passengers walked out.

“Wow… I didn’t know there was a place like this in our country.”

“Quickly, get off and don’t look around to much, I have motion sickness.”

This was the first time that they’ve have seen a place like this. They arrived in a place with a house that looked like a cottage inside a folk village. Everyone got off of the bus and looked around.

“Supporting team hurry hurry, get moving. We have to get this done on a two-day schedule!”

“Yes, sir.”

Said the commander in a loud voice when the passengers had have already gotten off. They gave her a nod as they took their luggage from beside the bus. The commander presented the job of each person as they greeted the head of the village.

“I gave you all a call yesterday. You guys will be called ‘the stardust supporting team’.”

“That’s the village head. Mr. Kim Chan, he will take care of things.”

Jaehwang stood away from the village people and looked a the bus. Everyone had already gotten off the bus but there was so much look at. The black triangle shaped drone on the side of the bus was especially something that kept them distracted.

The drone was mainly used in the middle of their formation. When a hunter explored and maintained their guard, the drone would keep a close check and monitor the team to make sure that everything will be okay.

“Anyone bought a helping battery?”

“Check these three blades again. Something seems to be wrong with them.”

The supporting team stuck together and watched the black drones. There were four people that seemed to be getting off the bus sluggishly.

“Ugh… What is that smell?”

The first person to get off the bus was a woman who looked like she was in her early thirties. She was wearing quite smokey makeup and she had a small bird tattoo. She covered her nose and looked around after getting off the bus.

“Isn’t that the smell of the fertilizer? …It didn’t smell like that at home. The mountain is higher and more dangerous than I thought.”

Next, a guy that looked to be in his mid-forties walked off of the bus. He was wearing a belt with lots of tools attached to it. He looked very experienced yet he looked around him with a surprised face.

“Wow… It’s really high.”

A quiet young-looking handsome middle-aged man walked out and lifted his head as he took a deep breath. And lastly, a poor looking skinhead guy looked out of the bus and frowned at all the people around him.

“Ah…Some zoo monkeys.”

He glared at everyone as if he was about to hunt them down. Everyone then noticed him glaring at them so they slowly moved away. They could still feel his stare at the back of their heads and sensed his intent to hunt them. But then, the man’s strong presence disappeared.

“Park Seungwon… If you bother the civilians you’ll be out this time.”

“Yes, sir..”

The middle-aged guy got a warning and he just stroked the back of his head and bowed in agreement.

“He never listens…”

“Okay. No matter how hard you prospect, there are limits in the clan. Obey. It will be decided if you can go through the gate or not depending on how you do on your report.”

“Yes, sir.”

Stardust clan 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 19: Star Dust Clan 2




Skinhead woke up from his seat and joined the other group of village people.

“Got it.”

He seemed to have low self-esteem, he just shook his head as he walked with his head down barely making a sound.

The group of people walked into the village meeting hall and the hunters left. leaving the rest of the crowd left to whisper.

“Wow, the ranks of these hunters are really high”

Said by village person about their visitors.

“Of course. Living that life takes a lot. Did you know that they didn’t listen to anyone in the past and were just thrown away in the mountains?”

Jaehwang was listening to what that one person said as the others continued to whisper. The first lady who got off carried a bow on her back and had an arrow case around her waist. She was carrying a lot of things with her.

She had the same metallic quality of weapons and armor that soldiers use. It was clear to see that she had a great build of muscles behind her shield. The power suit that she had was pretty well-known. It recharges its power like other powered household things but the one that she had looked like it was customized.

He was starting to see some familiar faces. he saw sees Mr. Song along with his granddaughters and their friends. They all saw a handsome hunter through the window and their faces suddenly turned red as if they were falling for him.

“Jaehwang.”

The village head called Jaehwang from the inside.

“I found the witness.”

“Yeah.”

Jaehwang took a deep breath and walked inside the hall.

***

“Yeah, I couldn’t hear anything at all.”

“Maybe there was something like a horn on the back?”

“If there was a horn then it would have been noticeable.”

“Maybe… They weren’t that big… how much should I explain?”

“50 centimeters? Didn’t it seem a little bigger than that?”

“Uhh…”

Jaehwang finished talking and the team questioned him with their arms folded.

“It had a head that looked like a snake and… the body of a giant wild pig. Leader… what if the monster hurts someone… Wasn’t there a gate leading towards the neighborhood?”

“There wasn’t one within 30 kilometers but there were two within 70 kilometers. The closest gate was towards Mujin district.”

“Oh…So there’s nothing near there?”

“Yeah. I don’t know much but there was a wormhole that could have been built. The worst case scenario is if they opened this neighborhood’s dimension gate but that could be a possibility. The wormhole to here was already destroyed.”

“But during the last hunter raid, was there a chance that something could have escaped here?”

“No. But I think that of all the possibilities can’t be overlooked. Second, someone had seen it already so if there was a gate then it needs to be found as soon as possible.”

“Let’s go and get ready to check it out.”

“Okay. The monster was most likely hiding out somewhere and we can’t ensure everyone’s safety…”

“Let’s hope for the best. I hope we could get lucky.”

“No, that monster better hope that he’s lucky. But, were not as big as the monster and even its head was huge. Maybe by the time we find it then it’ll be up to the 4th tier.”

“Maybe.”

After hearing what he said, Jaehwang prayed for luck one more time. There were a lot of possible ways to block an attack from a 4th tier monster but to catch that monster, you would need an A ranked monster hunter in your raid team.

“…We may not make it back. How much money do you guys have?”

Skinhead reached out his hand with a frivolous tone and the guy next to him started to talk.

“It sounds quite dangerous, will we be okay? Even if we find it, will we be able to catch it?”

“We could prepare for everything and we will always be ready for a fight. You can all go now.”

The middle-aged woman replied as he faced Jaehwang and nodded his head. Jaehwang stood in his place and replied,

“Going up the mountain is hard, it might even be harder for some first-timers. Would it be okay if I help guide the way?”

Everyone in the meeting hall room looked at Jaehwang as if he was speaking a language they don’t understand.

“Everyone else, leave.”

Pong!

“Ow…”

She slapped the skinhead’s head.

“Apologize…”

“I’m sorry.”

Everyone fell silent after that commotion.

“Thanks for the offer but, there is always something dangerous during a raid. We will take the necessary precaution if someone gets hurt. Or else our clan could get penalty points from the governor and that wouldn’t be good for anyone.

He answered with a stern voice, making Jaehwang step back with a quick nod. He wanted to leave as well but, that was not a good time.

***

Whriinng…

There was no light and the gases from the night sky surrounded everything that their eyes could reach.

“The driving system, Camera, heat sensor and the gas control system.”

“Good. First, we’ll get some sleep and the get to plan A to C and then we will sleep again. We should be getting close to the monster soon.”

“Got it.”

The two drones flew up the mountain and the clan’s supporting team drone started to analyze their environment by real-time data.

“When we find it then the first half of our job will be finished. Good luck everyone.”

“Yes.”

“The present time is now 23:34, let’s start the raid!”

***

Crunch… crunch…

The group of four people walked together along the dark mountain trail. The middle-aged woman took the lead and the handsome hunter walked right beside her. And the girl tattooed girl stood in the middle as the skinhead walked behind her.

“What if a ghost comes out.”

“Be quiet.”

Skinhead squirmed, the girl with the tattoo then turned around and told him to keep it down.

“You guys don’t feel it? Something’s chilly…”

“And? Do you want to find it and ask it to be nice? How does something even seem chilly?…”

Deudeudeuk…

“Hey… Stop being so scared”

She made a few noises as a joke to scare skinhead.

“Don’t break the formation. Someone could see you..”

“Yes, leader.”

Everyone behaved at the leader’s small warning.

Teuteuk.. Teuk..

“Ouch.”

The guy that walked behind the leader slipped and fell.

“Is this what that guy was saying when he said it was dangerous?”

“He was right about it being dangerous… be careful everyone and stick together.”

“Yes, leader.”

The supporting team then put on their headsets.

-We’re two kilometers from the northeast neighborhood… We have everything we need to track down the monster.

-Which way?

-Towards the southwest…

-Great. The supporting team hunting has begun!

-Okay. Looks like we’ll be there in about 5 minutes.

-Good. The fight is going great in our neighborhood. Where are you guys?

-I’ll check.

She checked their location as the squad prepared for action. The leader held a long spear in her hands, the handsome guy had two short daggers, skinhead wore a knuckle weapon and the the tattooed girl reached for the switch to power her suit.

About 100 meters Jaehwang sat and rested on a big rock.

-When will we arrive at the monster?

-I don’t know. But it looks like we’re getting close.

-Really? I can’t wait. Are there monsters from other dimensions?… did someone call it? Why are there some in America too?”

-Because the first dimension gate opened in America.

They talked for a while and then Jaehwang’s story about the monster came up. He realized that he didn’t get to see much of it. All he could remember is that it tried to attack him and he almost died.

Now that he thought about it, he was already living in the same world as a monster. His dad used to run into monsters and even trained himself for it. That time it obviously wasn’t a third tier monster but maybe if he knew what would happen that day then he would have gone into a hellish training just to prepare for it.

-Hmm… I can feel a different energy.

Jaehwang then woke up from being lost in thought and looked ahead. His right eye started to turn red as his retinas started to draw lines from out of it.

The lines were three different colors. The red color reached out in front of him in a circular shape. More red colors started to come but those were much bigger compared the other ones. Two blue lines showed up to where the hunters are… The last light was white, it was spinning in a circle.

-How far do we have?

-About 250 to go.

-How much in meters?

-Gosh… that’s about 900 meters.

-It’ll be hard to find the monster

-Yeah.

-Later we’ll take a break and eat tiramisu.

-Great!

Everyone was suddenly energized. Jaehwang smiled as he watched. The colors had disappeared, leaving one big red line behind.

Ever since he became a Gagseong, these things had been happening even at night. His eyes would glow and make his surroundings look as bright as midday. But besides that, he was able to help the people of the village with things like this.

-Going to an empty space would be great but that would also maybe not be a great idea.

Jaehwang then asked,

-Why?

-There’s a small cliff behind us. It’s covered with weeds but if you fall, it could be very dangerous.

Jaehwang started to move as soon as she stopped talking. He knew that he had to use his [Tiger Hunter] skill where or when no one was looking at him. He planned to drop himself from the trees once they had reached their destination which was 60 meters away from the battlefield.

-Everyone arm yourselves.

-Huh? Are we going to fight now?

-No… we’re not fighting now. We’re just getting ready…

-Okay.

They all did as the leader said. Jaehwang took out the big black protection shield in his right hand. It was something that his dad used when he fought the monsters. But today, Jaehwang would now use it as his own.

Star Dust Clan 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 20: Star Dust Clan 3




[Rank Battle – Cover Suit Protection]-Normal level

Arrow Information:250 Pounds (Tuning +50 Pounds)

Best Range: 2500 Meters

Lowest Range: 400 Meters

Material: Alloy Brass

Special Ability: Sharpness(D Rank)

He took the arrow in his hand and turned on his save system to analyze his item. Despite its seemingly broad capabilities, save mode couldn’t analyze all types of weapons.

It was made possible because of the affiliation skill that other hunters named ‘the Ahietiem’ possessed. This was something that hunters needed when they were out on a raid.

There were more skills that were ranked higher than the Ahietiem but the skill itself was not made for Gagseogs, it was a past artifact.

Gun powered weapons weren’t the ones that were usually used. In the beginning, they would almost always use those kinds when fighting monsters. But that time has passed and now the corpse of monsters could be used as materials to make a brand new set of equipment. It boasts its great effectiveness and the Ahietems were the first ones to use them.

Of course the other hunters like the ‘Manas’ had started to use their weapons as a defense system for the neutralization and the others followed along to use their weapons as well.

-My mom only gave me $800 dollars and that’s all…

Hunter equipment was expensive. The hunter equipment Jaehwang had was the cover suit that his father bought and that was on a special sale. Jaehwang laughed thinking about how angry his mom was when she saw the receipt and got so mad at his father. Reminiscing those memories, he tightly grabs onto the cover suit handle.

***

“I can feel that were almost there… the battlefront is just 300 meters away!”

“Already? In your battle positions everyone…”

“Yes, leader.”

They followed her command and assembled into their positions. They were already close to the battlefront with the drone taking the lead. It shot through them and quickly flying above their heads as they got closer.

Swoosh…

It glided through the wind and along with that, a giant alligator head appeared…

Pakwag!!!

The leader of the group pulled back her spear and threw it up ahead.

“The raid starts now!”

The handsome hunter guy goes in aiming to attack from all over from the front as the tattooed girl aimed for the back leg.

“It has a big jaw.”

Skinhead used both of his hands and started to generate a blue light.

PaKang!

“Kyaaa…”

He spun around and shot for the monster’s head making it scream for the first time.

“Magic!”

“Eisu! Jaera! Whum!”

Jjeojeojeok!

Skinhead then shot another blue light towards the monster’s front leg and it started to freeze.

“Great job! Keep going!”

The raid was going smoothly. He froze the leg and that helped distract it. They quickly went for the back of the leg while it was distracted and the handsome hunter stabbed it with his dagger. The monster then fell and they didn’t miss the chance to follow up with another attack of arrows. They shot them into its chest and it eventually died with a scream.

Keehk!

-That was fun.

-Fun?

The team leader asked to Jaehwang.

-It reminds me of when I used to hunt monsters way back in the past. It’s a really long story.

-You used to do this?

-Yeah. Doing things like this and all that has been going on these days reminds me of those times. The world has lots of energy when you make a choice. Life wasn’t like that before. The energy that was the most greedy thing, is a human.

-I see.

They continued to talk as the new raid was now finished. They realized how late it was after fighting the monster and the leader still had not put down her spear. The skillful rotation makes for a big disturbance and lots of movement control. She soon put the remaining three away. Jaehwang then saw something strange.

-Doesn’t something seem strange?

-Does it?

-Over there, it looks like a light.

Everyone fell silent and started to look around to analyze their surroundings.

-It could be nothing. If something explodes then we would see it.

She analyzed Jaehwang’s monster radar and checked to see if something was going on. There were 3 radiation activities 10 meters away… That was where two of their clan members were.

They thought about if they should give them a warning. She was hesitant for a second because one of them was up ahead and the squad leader was there so there was a chance that maybe she already knew. but she couldn’t take that risk. The leader then yelled loudly from up ahead.

“Something will explode soon. From now on, stay on the biggest path!”

“Yes, leader!”

The guy kept himself close to their leader so that he wouldn’t fall while holding the cylinder filled with silver light. He was planning to throw it to a monster if one appeared. After throwing it then it will then change into a green liquid before exploding.

“You have a poison!”

“That’s great.”

All had to do was just throw the cylinder and various liquids would come melting out. Now that he had used it, the neurotoxin came out and instantly left a scar. They called it a capsule, it was one of the things that hunters would need when hunting.

The explosion was bearable for everyone except the leader since everyone else was in a safe area. They ended their raid with a smooth finish but Jaehwang was concerned about the incident that just happened.

“Uh…”

Skinhead stepped back and suddenly felt that he was sinking into the ground. Jaehwang was worried seeing that he had stepped onto the sandcliff. But the bigger problem was that he was in the middle of casting another spell at the moment. That resulted in a misfire and no one was able to immediately come to his aid at the time.

Kwang! Jjeojeok!

The leader looked over in surprise at the unexpected incident. They froze for a second as someone signaled them. They wanted to rescue their teammate but they all knew that they couldn’t miss their chance to take down the monster and beat it.

“Damn it…!”

Said the middle-aged lady who attacked the monster immediately as the team were taken aback. Skinhead saved them a little before he rolled off the cliff but they then suddenly noticed that their leader had disappeared too. The leader’s defense wasn’t able to stop the monster. The handsome hunter guy rushed in to try and save her with his tiny dagger but it had its limits.

“Darn…”

Hwig! Pheok!

The bite went through her armor but it wasn’t too serious. She eventually gave up on fighting back but she already made the monster mad. The tattooed girl then ran towards the direction of the monster.

“Haya!”

She dashed and jumped into the air. She loaded her bows with arrows and shot them ahead of her. The attack was delivered with an intent to kill but it had backfired due to the wind condition. A cloud of dust then flew into her eyes.

“Ah!”

The once relaxing situation of the raid has now changed into a disaster. They all knew that this was a raid. It was common for someone to die or get hurt, carelessness would not be tolerated.

Pyupyupyut!

As soon as she recovered, she jumped once again and started to shoot two arrows from mid-air. It made its mark but it looked as if it did nothing to the monster. The monster then responded by opening its mouth and…

Pheoeoeok!

“Keueog…”

The monster turned its head because of the strong shot that landed an arrow into its eye. The monster had struggled to take the arrow but then another two shots flew into his head. It fell down with a loud shrike but instead of dying, it started to flee.

Papapag…

It tried to get the arrow out with its hand but it couldn’t.

Swoosh… Poeg!

Another arrow flew into its head. The first arrow was the only one that did any damage, the second and third arrow didn’t stick into the monster and just fell to the ground. It then rushed into the person who held the bow and killed her in one hit. There was also someone there who had a late change of heart and disappeared like a ghost.

“Keulueog… Keuag”

The monster attacked the second hunter and let out another angry roar.

Poeug…

Another arrow was thrown and it reached the monster. It was finally starting to work. Well, at least they tried to. It passed through its side and they heard a noise not long afterwards.

“Keoueog…”

They got a refreshing feeling as the attacks seem to have been affecting the monster as it howled in pain.

“You… Idiot… How dare you touch my armor.”

After beating the monster, the guy was thrown to the ground.

“The hunter’s special offer for its lowest interest rate is 1.5 percent monthly for 24 months… I still have 24 months left to go on my armor…Ugh!”

He yelled about the upcoming repair cost. Before the monster could try to attack, he then ran through the air, attacked the monster and tied it up.

“Stop destroying our village and coming through the gate! Leave and disappear!”

Peog!peog!peog!

He started punching the monster with his bare hands.

Peoeok!

He finished it off with a powerful soccer kick… The monster’s head was already half dented and it had stopped breathing.

He then jumped onto the monster’s stomach to be sure. After that he was certain that the monster was completely dead. He took a deep breath and made an announcement to everyone through the headset.

-The raid… Is over.

-Got it. You’ve worked hard.

He finished talking to the supporting team and collapsed to the ground i exhaustion. He then looked around with a face full of grief at the squad and looked at the arrows that affected the monster.

‘I don’t know them but I feel bad.’

“…”

He checked to see where the arrows that saved them came from and the arrow’s owner hasn’t disappeared just yet. He tilted his head and after hearing a familiar voice from behind him. He turned to see what it was.

“Are you okay?”

“Oh.. You scared me.”

The voice from behind him startled him as he turned his head to the face of his savior and was even more surprised.

“Huh? Who are you?”

Jaehwang stood there with his hat deeply pulled over his face and his compound protection in his hand.

Star Dust Clan 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 21: Another Possibility 1




Bingbingbing…

“One… two… go!”

Four men wearing a power suit placed the monster’s corpse into a huge body bag.

“It’s really big so be careful moving it! If you break that then it’s coming out of your paychecks!”

“Yes, sir.”

The supporting team replied to the team leader as they began to carefully carry the body bag down the mountain. The chief of the supporting squad then walked towards their leader with her brows dripping in sweat.

“Leader, you’ve worked hard…”

He was speechless as he looked at his messy and damaged armor. His armor was clean and shiny whenever he saw her but now it was covered in monster saliva and had two big bruises.

“Yes, we did it. I took the team and it was the first thing I bought back.”

Skinhead waved his hand from behind the leader’s head. He quickly greeted the leader as he started to lead the team. She remembered that skinhead had yet to finish his job yesterday…

After a lot of time had passed by…

After all the work had finished, the team leader called the skinhead, talked to the tattooed girl and walked over towards Jaehwang.

“If it was more than a 3rd tier monster then the raid would have lasted longer and you would have needed more arrows as well as a power suit. This wasn’t just an animal hunt, this is a real raid. A 3rd tier monster is comparable to 10 wild animals combined. You’re going to need to handle the weight of the power suit, it could even last several months. Did your suit weigh 250 pounds?”

“I’ve done a bit of tuning so it’s 300 pounds. That was why it was acting a bit strange…”

The leader got over scanning his equipment and with a glance, she noticed that the arrows aren’t the same as what the tattooed girl had used. Those were the ones that saved their lives and even though it was not like her, she couldn’t help but thank Jaehwang.

“I owe you one.”

“It was nothing.”

They then shook each hands.

Jaehwang disobeyed the leader’s rules but that decision turned out to be a good thing. If it wasn’t for Jaehwang, something terrible could have happened. Especially with him being in the Star Dust National Clan who did not have a status that could be treated like nothing.

Having a National status gave them the capability to manage and safeguard an individual dimension gate. These days, the clans would assign a number of people in a mission amnd compared to personally accessing those gates, having a clan to back them up were much safer. But considering the pay as well as the casualties, doing a raid was still a big decision for someone to make.

“Have you always been a hunter?”

“No.”

He turned his head back after Jaehwang’s answer. He didn’t know why… He hasn’t seen everything but when the monster’s attention was turned away, he knew that that was the best time to do something, like get away.

Jaehwang then answered him again.

“I…”

Jaehwang explains it to them and they all nodded their heads.

“So that’s how it happened.”

“Yea.”

“After getting the Gagseog skills, wouldn’t many people give up on being hunters?”

“No. I’ve become a Gagseog but I’m still lacking in skills. I still have a lot of learning to do.”

“Hm… So if I got the powers right now…”

“You would still be lacking.”

She scratched her head and nodded at Jaehwang’s answer. He said that the person with the special skills would be lacking but, others have said that it was enough. She was a little confused at her own thought.

“The story is complicated…”

The team leader then scratched her head.

“Sorry.”

“No, there’s nothing to be sorry about… You helped me in the situation there so, thanks.”

The team leader shook her hand and Jaehwang smiled as a response.

Jaehwang lied about it.

He did instantly receive the Gagseog skills, he wasn’t lacking but he had given up on being a hunter. He couldn’t let the company know that he had the 5th rank as a gagseog in the past. Everyone with hunter relations were the supervisors of all the World Hunter Secretariat.

The World Hunter Secretariat.

Sixty years ago the life of mankind was at risk during a fight with a monster. The hunters gathered together to help and guide humanity. As soon as the fight had started, the world was protected by hunters.

Some parts of the country had tried to seize control of the Gagseog military soldiers in the past. They succeeded in some sectors but the Gagseogs broke out and they were able to escape by a huge social chaos.

Soon after that, many other soldiers that were hunters had escaped as well, leaking the evidence of the country’s medical experiment on the hunters themselves. That resulted in the massive unconditional boycotting of the hunter secretariat’s World Hunter Consultation. Half of the country was saved from monsters as they were left free from their anger.

The world hunter secretariat was then granted a certificate. The information that they offered was limited but it was thoroughly protected. They were considered as weak rising stars illegally protecting their policies but it was still the thing that they protect the most.

“We’ll be sending the test soon.”

“I don’t know it too well.”

“Hm… Really?”

The team leader stroked her chin at Jaehwang’s answer. Because of his help during the attack, she had to repay him but she didn’t know exactly how. She wanted to just give him some money but now she was just thinking of helping him with the hunter test instead. He could use his talent to pass so he would eventually be recommended to be part of the StarDust clan.

Those who could join them would be given a ‘Star Dust Clan’ prominence as if they were joining a big company. They would be treated as rising stars and they would improve their talents to help them grow to reach their maximum limit. They would then be given consultation and support.

Of course that simple payback was not what she decided on just yet. Jaehwang had the skills for it, but his talent was another one that begged for consideration. People commonly confuse skills with talent but, there was a big difference between the two. Skills would not be enough alone as it needs to be accompanied by a talent for it to work.

She knew that Jaehwang kept his breathing calm and in order when he was dealing with that giant monster. But the only problem was that Jaehwang didn’t seem to have anything that he wanted.

“This is it. I want to repay you but there’s nothing I could do. I don’t even have any money to get your clothes clean…”

The leader was worried for second but the tattooed girl was the first to see repay him. She handed Jaehwang her cover armor that was red like blood as well as her arrow strings.

“You saved me so I wanted to do something for you. I was able to get through it with this but I don’t use it until I need to. It’s much better than the one I have now, thanks for the help.”

“Uh…”

Jaehwang accepted the cover protection while scratching his head in confusion. Refusing something like this at first would be the polite thing to do but Jaehwang unknowingly accepted it and the new set of arrows.

[Shooting star Series-Raid Edition Cover protection]- Excellent Rank

Best Range: 25000 Meters

Lowest Range: 700 Meters

Restraint: Mithril Alloy

Special Skills

Acceleration (C Rank)

Sharpness (B Rank)

“Ah…”

He would have given it back but it looked like a red cover shield from the Ahietiem. His dad once bought that cover suit for hunting but he sadly only used it one time. The difference between his other arrow and this one was simply that this was one step more amazing. He didn’t want to miss his chance to get it at no cost.

He hesitated for a second and then he took it. The tattooed girl smiled and walked away. The team leader then cleared his throat and took a step towards him. His gift bore more weight compared to the tattooed girl’s choice. He had a gold card in his arm and handed it to Jaehwang.

“I hope that you’ll use this properly. If you need help on the hunter test then you can ask me.”

“Got it.”

Jaehwang looked at the card, shook his head and accepted it.

“Leader, we are going to be given a pay, right?”

The leader face then slightly wriggled.

“What are you talking about?”

“We avoided many accidents so that would only be fair, wouldn’t it?”

The tattooed girl then shook her head and looked over towards the leader. The leader then spoke after thinking for a second.

“I haven’t thought about it but it’s something that I thought would come up. The things that were reported in the clan were considered something secondary. What did the dimension admission strictly said? You could help even if you don’t have a hunter’s license but that would also mean that there would be no reward money. They would do a follow-up call for the clan and at the end of the year, the tax would be added up.”

Jaehwang then shook his head after hearing that he would not be receiving any cash. It was not that he was materialistic, it was just that he didn’t even need the money. He was about to let go of it but then, the handsome hunter shook his head as if he didn’t agree.

“If it’s like that then isn’t there no need for proceeding steps? We saved the boss’s life and that would surely stick to the clan’s name but… You would pay for the expenses personally. You said the amount was…”

The team leader nervously laughed a bit and took a step back. He was married and had money but he pretended that he didn’t have much what.

“Uh, well…”

“What Jaehwang said was right. Call the account. Send it with no regrets.”

“Ah… Thanks.”

The atmosphere was intense.

“Well… I’ll be going now. I’ll take care of this idiot. He will probably fail the report horribly.”

The team leader was still busy thinking and skinhead was still in a bad condition. The tattooed girl and handsome hunter guy took him away and lead him out of the room.

“I’ll be going too. My house is close by from here.”

Jaehwang went on his way up the mountain. The team leader who still looked sad, fixed his expression and nodded his head.

“Okay, see you next time, right?”

“Yeah.”

“Of course.”

The tattooed girl waved and said goodbye. The hunters’ meeting was then over.

Another Possibility 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 22: Another Possibility 2




“Did you see it too?”

“Yeah.”

The team leader said to the handsome hunter guy without a look. He then just shook his head and gave her his affirmation.

“Hyunjoo, did you really miss everything? You don’t know what happened?

The tattooed girl face was then blank before she waved her head and answered.

“Yes. I wasn’t able to see it… Even after fighting it, I completely missed three shots. Sorry.”

“No… I’m more ashamed compared to you. I should be sorry.”

The leader doesn’t know if she’s happy about her apology or not. She then just turned back around.

“No way… could it have been a villain?”

“No. There was never a villain. If there was then we would have never gotten any help in the beginning.”

“Really? I don’t think that was it, that wouldn’t be understanding at all. Except for one thing… There possibly could have been something.”

The tattooed girl started to think about what he had just said and replied.

“I’m like a Debauzer too. Maybe I could find out something but I’m not too sure.”

“…”

They all shook their heads as if they understood.

“Haven’t they come into our country this year and appeared twice?”

“Yeah. We missed it before but they won’t get away. Do you guys understand??”

“Yes.”

They all answered to their leader.

Debauzer… a natural Gagseog… They referred to them as true Gagseogs. A Gagseog wouldn’t have its nobility without being able to develop on its own. They decided to give their all possessions to the clan as a form of help. The power of those possessions were really needed… And because of that, Jaehwang was excessively kind.

The nation’s hunters skills were divided by category. They were divided between the highest and lowest, the 5th and 6th place could still make it. There were no natural Gagseogs and Debauzers and that was the reason why they really wanted to have Jaehwang on the team…

Of course they just couldn’t throw the others out like trash. They especially took pride in their national clan certificate membership. They didn’t stand for being compared to any other sloppy clans. They had found a shiny gemstone by chance and now they’re greedy about it.

“I’ll let you guys know but I’m not sure… The information was protected. I’ll have to talk to those incharge of the clan, alright? Let’s make the best team relationship…”

“Maybe he blacked out?”

Said the handsome guy hunter while dragging the skinhead out the door.

“Yeah.”

The same thing had happened to their leader but he got better faster than he did when she fell off the cliff.

“She gave him a card but will we ever see that person again?”

The tattooed girl tilted her head without answering. It had been a while and that was only their first meeting. In the end, she left it to fate since there was no one who knew everything.

***

-What was that about?

-What?

She asked in reply to the Jaehwang’s out of the blue question.

-She said that she were a Debauzer. Do you think they understood what she meant? Don’t they like to just follow along?”

Jaehwang then asked in a low voice.

“Even if they were just playing along, I don’t have to be any clearer. They knew my intentions. So I think you should just keep it down. And… I’m still lacking in luck.”

They would gain something if a Debauzer shone through them. It was understandable and it would be as logical as the world receiving something crucial and important.

However, it doesn’t want to reach the lowest point.

-It’s not the same anymore. I’m very weak now.

-You still seemed really calm, though.

-When?

-When you were fighting that monster. The arrow broke on the first attack.

It was cool. Even after that happened you were still shooting arrows…

-Well… It was something I trained for.

-Train?

She asked back when Jaehwang brought up the fact that he used to train. He had some crazy traditional training techniques… He first remembered one called ‘Perfect Shot’ but he didn’t remember exactly what it was. He must have learned it when he was about 7 years old… His dad gave him an arrow as a toy and he called it ‘Shooter’.

He was hesitant at first but the arrow that his father gave him couldn’t hurt anyone. He used it safely and a little after that, he started to shoot as far as his father could.

Of course, it wasn’t a sharp arrow. He was raised just like his father. It was an arrow with a point of a round splint and when he first received it from his father, the rules were simple. It was a rule that when he shoots, he would stand up straight and never close his eyes. The only thing that his father allowed him to do when he shoots was to take a step forward. He started playing like that until he was 13 and by then it wasn’t playing anymore. He stood like a real archer.

He could shoot exactly 50 meters along with his father. The arrow that he used didn’t have much power but it could still make someone tremble. Wearing a guard helmet was enough when training but there were stories as well where things went wrong.

Every time his father used an arrow, he would become an entirely different person.

All that Jaehwang was able to see was the cold eyes of a hunter.

‘If the arrow doesn’t fly, it’s meaningless.’

‘An arrow has only one life.’

‘A hunter is not a fighter, a hunter is someone who hunts. A hunter’s mind must grow.’

And after going through that training, nothing could surprise Jaehwang anymore.

“Found it.”

She picked up Jaehwang’s compound protection that had fallen on the ground.

“It’s dented and dirty.”

It was a wreck on one side and the wire was completely undone. It looked like the monster had stepped on it.

“Okay, let’s get it.”

The cold fall wind blew across the mountains and made them feel like they were walking on ice. Jaehwang continued on as if he didn’t care and carefully inspected the arrow after he picked it up.

Their first goal was achieved. Although it was nothing compared to the arrow that the tattooed girl had given to him, he held it in his hand like it was made of gold because it was filled by his family’s memories.

-Well, should we keep going and see what else is here?

-Hm… Okay.

The spirit answered back in an uninterested tone. Jaehwang went deeper into the mountains following along a yellow string. Years ago, monster hunters would catch monsters by following their tracks. The activity that was going in the middle of this place shows that there could possibly be a monster’s nest somewhere and he wanted to find it.

He knew the mountains best. He continued to follow along the string and it suddenly began to feel as if it was leading into a sunken ground. But that place wasn’t drawn high up, it was a boulder that became a steep cliff. The thick and overgrown trees made it hard to see anywhere.

When they at that place, he heard the spirit’s voice.

-Wait. This place… It’s strange.

Jaehwang stopped in his tracks and started to look around as she spoke. It looked as if the ground disappeared along with the yellow string. There was a big hole that had been dug up in the place. It didn’t seem that there was anything they could find there.

-There’s strange energy coming from this place.

-Hm… I think we should find out what it is.

-Okay…

Jaehwang peeked inside the hole.

Whriiing…

The wind blew through his face, It didn’t seem like anything was inside but there was a strange smell among the warm air that lingered around. Gagseogs were known to have a good level of vision but the hole was still too dark to see what was inside.

-It’s too dark

-Your phone…

-Huh?

-Use it.

-Okay.

Swoosook…

Jaehwang took out his phone and turned it on. It lit up everything inside the hole as if it was daytime.

-Oh… I didn’t think of that.

He checked if the path was clear and went inside of the hole. At first he thought that it was just a rock but there were a lot of sand on the surface. He carefully went along and afterwards, he got surprised as he saw something in front of him.

It looked like a wavy transparent mirror but it didn’t reflect the light coming from Jaehwang’s phone.

-There’s lots of energy in this place. What is this place?

Jaehwang froze at her question before he gave her a nod in his head. He realized that this place was what the others had called a wormhole. This was the perfect place for a monster to make its nest but it looked like the one that stayed here was already gone. It either left through another dimension gate or it went to a completely different place.

He figured that the monster they exterminated came from here. He knew that when something like this is discovered, the hunters would pass through the wormhole and block it. Even so, if the other hunters had already sealed it with the special concrete then it would automatically cover the other way and it would not be accessible.

Jaehwang slowly touched it with his hand.

Peok…

It sounded as if he dipped his hand into water. He took his hand out to check if it was alright before putting it in deeper. Jaehwang then nervously stopped breathing when he felt the warm energy coming from the other side of the wormhole through his hand.

“Hueue…”

He took a deep breath and pulled out his hand with an anxious look on his face.

-What happened?

-The energy suddenly got stronger…

Jaehwang began to think that going through the wormhole and hunting monsters would be a good way to level up. It was not a completely bad idea because the Debauzers did that at the beginning of the dimension mashup and their skills grew because of that.

He thought that it would be a good choice for him.

Another Possibility 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 23: The Prison of Time and Space… 1




-Do you think we could get stronger faster if we go to this place?

-Maybe. If we could catch a monster then we’ll gain experience and that would help our levels increase quicker.

Jaehwang wasn’t the only one who was thinking about it. Between some hunters and strong clans exclusive possessions, there was a dimension gate fee and tax for avoiding a wormhole that they’ve found. As dangerous as it was, they had to put up with it since there were a lot of benefits that came with it.

-Is it dangerous?

She asked. But even Jaehwang didn’t know for sure what it was like.

-No… It’s an Elosu type monster. They’re a lower tier than Dakosu monsters.

-Elosu? Dakosu? What are those?

She asked in confusion. He thought he finished explaining the summary about the present day generation but he left out the most important thing. He completely forgot to mention that they could be living in an illusion.

-So three dimensions collided together?

-Correct.

-So between the three dimensions, the earth we’re on now… And all the monsters that rule the ground were Dakosu monsters and the ones living at the start of history live in a place called Elosu? So the types that came from Elosu are called monsters and this wormhole was almost completely filled with them?

-Uh… That’s about it. But, it’s an Elosu so it would not be much of a challenging monster. You don’t like Dakosus?

-Yeah. Luckily both of the dimension gates in our country has been fixed. Dakosu monsters tore a hole through the dimension gates and many of them started to appear. The country worked nonstop to fix it. The representative of that country was Australia but they’re still facing the risk of getting overrun up to this day.

-I see.

-When you explain more about life on the three worlds and all the different species, don’t they all have one thing in common?

-What is it?

-First, the three worlds all have a similar terrain. Don’t they look completely the same? But the lowest continent’s shape was only almost the same. Also, the other three continents existed during the same time…. The last save system interfered with the dimensions of the three worlds, right?

-That’s a really good guess. I haven’t thought about the system myself.

-Yeah and that save looked like it saved humanity on our earth. But fighting with the remaining two continents made the humans weak.

After Jaehwang finished talking, she replied to him in a slightly confused tone.

-Isn’t that like the three world’s continents giant dimension’s trying to compensate? wasn’t the save an extremely bad thing?

-Huh… Well…

Jaehwang shook his head. What she said wasn’t wrong, she was completely right. While waiting for the save God to come, a new religion appeared. The conscious older ones were more aware. However, the right and wrong of the save system were never questioned here.

-First, that’s a question for a philosopher and second, what’s important for me right now is to level up and get stronger.

It was really important for hunters to level up. The more they leveled up the more their skills improved and with that, they would be able to learn even more new skills.

Skills weren’t the only thing Gagseogs would gain when they leveled up. They could teach skills to others and they could keep gaining skills faster with the help of Rodeos artifacts. Although for them, magic or healing skills were almost impossible to learn.

Jaehwang caught a monster not too long ago so his point of view changed.

265/10000exp

He caught it with the help of others but the numbers on his exp bar clearly rose up higher. He knew that this hunt might be harder than he thought since he was going in alone but, he also understood that he should not compare this to his previous monster hunting experience and prepare for anything that could happen.

-Okay, let’s go. I’m ready to leave.

She said in pompous tone but Jaehwang was suddenly buried in his thoughts. He felt like he was not ready to leave yet so shook his head.

-No…

-Why?

-It’s really dangerous. It’s the lowest… You had your skills all figured out and tested. It’s something to prepare for.

Jaehwang just turned away. He knew that he could get stronger but on the other hand, it could go completely wrong. He understood that if he was going to do it, there was a big risk that things may not go as planned. And worst case scenario, he could even die.

The skills he had were very lacking. He thought about it and the weapon that he had was ranked with the lowest effects and stats. A challenge wouldn’t be a bad thing but, he couldn’t use his wellness as a bargaining chip to get stronger.

-You’re a very cautious person.

-I just like to have everything planned out. Dying is surely possible if you go in without a plan… Let’s go.

Jaehwang came out of the hole and took some tree branches from around the area to block it. He needed to make sure that the next person to come here wouldn’t notice that it was there. He regretted not being able to go in there at the moment but he shook it off. He then heard the spirit speaking.

-Are we going to have to wait a long time until you get the skills?

-Yeah.

Jaehwang answered with a determined expression.

-How long should it take?

-The shortest possible time would be 2 months maybe? If it would take longer than that then I’d say it would take about a year.

-That sounds about right. The waiting time would be boring but after that, I would be able to come back and go into that wormhole to level up. Do you want to go to the city afterwards?

-What would happen if we left that wormhole here until then…

She said that instead of answering Jaehwang’s question.

Jaehwang then smiled. They both shared the same feelings and he felt that she was interested and bored about it all at once as well.

‘It’s so tiring.’

He started to have an interest in how his world had changed these past few days. Now that his phone had piqued his interest, he thought that maybe a remote-controlled TV in the cabin would not be a bad idea.

-Hmm, looks like there will be lots of time for training. You need to pay homage to your family…

-It’s no use… are you sure that it’s okay to reduce my training time or do you have any other way around it?

Jaehwang then changed his smile to an unenthusiastic expression. She seemed reticent for a second before answering back.

-There is one. It’s the prison of time and space, with it you could improve 100 times more by the hour.

Jaehwang was surprised by what she said. Living with monsters and knowing about all kinds of grotesque skills made it seem like he was crazy but he thought that it impossible to think that magic like that could exist.

But he did remember seeing something like that happen before. An hour would speed up to 1.2 or even two times more. He remembered that the place itself would be slowed as well as the time slowed down.

-Do you need a lot of supplies?

Jaehwang asked after he thought about how simple he could improve if he could do magic like that.

She then unexpectedly answered.

-No, there’s nothing in particular that you need. You just have to relax yourself while laying down and get ready for anything unexpected to happen.

Jaehwang thought about what she was saying. Something about a prison between time and space. H then he realized something else, he especially paid attention to the word ‘prison’.

-Could you explain it more in depth?

-Okay. First, let’s go back to the mountain cabin.

They soon arrived at the cabin and after Jaehwang cleaned and organized the shrine, they went in there to sit down. The shrine was his favorite place in the entire cabin. Not only because of the unforgettable experience he had in there, it has been his favorite place since he was young. He didn’t have any friends in the mountain village so he would just play hide and seek in there alone. He didn’t feel like people wanted to hang out with him so he always kept this place close in his heart.

-The main purpose of why the spell was created in the first place was to guide evil spirits. The spell would seal the spirit inside its own darkness and inflicting an excruciating pain to those who were locked up. The spellcasters had followed the same procedure for hundreds of years and everything was kept sealed inside.

-I’m not an evil spirit, right?

-Right. So you’ll be fine through our synonymity. Have you ever heard of the stories of how the spell caster’s body would get possessed during that kind of ritual in the past?

-Have any ever gotten trapped in you?

-No. Like I said, there’s a trap between time and space made in me so nothing can get through.

Jaehwang started to feel slightly anxious about what she said.

-What kind of place is a trap between time in space?

-Up and down, left and right. A space where nothing can enter. It’s a place where only time could be limitlessly increased. There’s nothing to worry about.

-What about the precautions?

-If an extraordinary person starts from eight hours in real time it could be possible. However, four hours more and they would need to have really good self-control. There’s a guarantee they could succeed but after twelve hours has passed, that super person will need a place to go to and relax.

She finished talking and Jaehwang was then able to understand. It was enough for him to know when she said that they could go insane after four more hours.

He once read some book about hunters that were doing some test. There was a place with no light or sound. The test was to see how long they could hold out. The result of the ones doing the test were expected than wrenched.

The longest time that the participants endured was only two weeks. After a week, they started to get hallucinations and for those who stood there longer than others even had to get psychotherapy.

Jaehwang then asked her a question in a doubtful tone.

-If that’s four hours then it’s 400 hours at most but trying to stay any longer would be a risk?

That would be approximately 16 days. He fully knew that that was a long time and repeating a ritual like that would only make things worse. Being alone in there for an hour could even drive a normal person insane. Jaehwang’s mind was suddenly overflowed by thoughts and she then answered.

-Obviously, you won’t simply just be put into a dark place like that. A few ascetic people once practiced with that kind of ritual. Nothing was locked up with the spell because the impact from the greatest one decreased and it was able to be controlled. For example, the weather around you could be bad but the space that surrounded the cabin would form a layer and control the wind to keep the disturbance at bay. Your tools won’t be much of an issue since it could be forged through your mind here. Your body won’t learn from experience alone but I think it would be effective after diving there one or two times.

-Isn’t it great?

Jaehwang shook his head.

What she explained was actually a really nice place for practicing. However, he was still curious about something. He asked himself if there was anything in this prison of time and space. It was not that he could blindly believe what she said but, there was a promise. She made a promise with his ancestors.

‘If you completed your lifespan, then you would die’

She then whispered.

-I want to achieve something in this life.

She said her wish was to die in peace after she cleared her mission. It was understandable that she wanted to be free. She did not say anything more but Jaehwang felt her pride getting stronger. He then asked another question regarding the ritual.

-Last question, Would it really be able to make me stronger?

The Prison of Time and Space… 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 24: The Prison of Time and Space… 2




Jaehwang asked his final question. The spirit didn’t need to do much to make him stronger because that was his only goal. His plan was to gain power as fast as possible and as she said, she could grant that wish.

-You have to become stronger.

-But how?

He shortly asked and she then answered.

-I can’t explain it. That’s another promise I’ve made. But if I could tell you one thing, the seal’s restriction has been broken. The place where our descendants had lived wasn’t easy to attract. We couldn’t risk halting the duties that your ancestors had piled only for it to be neglected again.

Jaehwang took a deep breath and closed his eyes after he heard the spirit’s vague answer. He knew in the back of his mind that his ancestors were the reason why she couldn’t explain everything. It felt like a can of worms that he could never think about opening.

-Okay. I’m ready.

-Got it.For a few days…

Swoosh…

Jaehwang finished talking and the spirit faded into the same white energy as before and it exploded. It then gathered together to take the form of an adult woman. She appeared in front of him with a smile on her face and she placed her hand over his head.

“Has business started?”

“?”

At the end of the day, Jaehwang went into the center of the main room and sat down. It was a very solemn situation but on the other hand, there were all kinds of boxes stacked that destroyed the mood.

“Don’t get distracted”

“Okay.”

This would strongly suggest that he cheated his way to power, he struggled to recollect his focus but he did his best to meditate as the time moved on. He had hoped in his heart that nothing bad would happen because there was nothing that he could do except believe that he would do so much better with this help.

“When you want to finish then just say stop. But remember, after using this spell one time then you can’t use it again for a year…”

“Got it.”

Jaehwang answered and the spirit stood in front of him and again put her hand on his head. A white bow and arrow suddenly showed up in front of the two of them. Jaehwang then unintentionally closed his eyes with his heart pounding fast. He felt that he was at the peak of the active energy flowing through him.

The spirit was very beautiful but it wasn’t originally a woman unless some kind of compromise happened. He didn’t notice but Jaehwang unpurposely called it ‘she’ and that was what it came to be.

“Done.”

He opened his eyes as soon as he heard the voice of the spirit. He then saw that nothing had changed and he was still sitting in the same place as before. He turned his head around and towards the spirit where he noticed that something felt different. The stack of snacks that were piled up on the side of the room was gone.

“Here?”

“Yeah.”

Jaehwang walked out of the door of the main room.

“Wow…”

He said while looking outside.

“There’s a guard blocking the door but you can still get through.”

After she said that Jaehwang tried to open the door from the outside.

“Ah…”

His hand couldn’t grip it. It felt like a torn picture was sticking to his hand. It was a picture full of life.

“Is this the prison of time and space?”

“Yes. Is there anything else you need?”

“No…This is good.”

A place like this was really good for training. If this magic was only possible to cast once a year then it was probably worth it. He smiled thinking that the Prison of Time and space was so much better than he imagined.

Swoeug…

A familiar arrow bag appeared in front of him. It was filled with his usual arrows from his archery room. It was an average standard arrow that had gotten fixed. It had to be no more than 40 pounds at the most. It was something that he couldn’t touch now.

Tap…

The spirit unexpectedly showed up beside Jaehwang.

“How does this work?”

The spirit pointed her hand upwards and answered.

“When you think, something happens.”

Jaehwang then got busy thinking. He made an arrow appear in his head. He looked a bit surprised with a hint of satisfaction. The spirit folded her arms and shook her head.

“You’re adjusting fast.”

“Thanks.”

“Hmm.. what… Okay. If possible, even if I’m conscious, I could try to make food, clothes and a shelter appear? Then it’ll be easy for me to endure this place for longer. Even when I break out of here later, it should be easy to adjust to reality again… And…”

The spirit waved her hand and interrupted him before he was able to finish what he was saying.

“…I’ll be going now.”

“Oh… Thanks.”

“I’ve already given you lots of advice.”

“Yes, a lot. Thank you very much”

He then responded by mirroring her actions with an annoyed expression. The spirit just laughed back and disappeared into thin air. Jaehwang then took the time to look around the space where he stood as he gave out a sigh. He knew that time was of essence and he couldn’t let this opportunity go to waste With that, he pulled the string of his bow and aimed his arrow.

“Amazing.”

Jaehwang sat down a few minutes later and closed his eyes. The spirit then reappeared by his side.

“That is quite possible with a few simple talents.”

The spirit had led him into the prison and helped him make him a bow. She eventually got worried and started thinking about his well being and that made her come back. She then picked up where they left off and explained to him that what he just did was not as easy at it looked. It was easy to say that he could just think of it and it would appear but she remembered how she failed the same task so many times. She stressed the fact that she had practiced magic for a very long time to achieve her current level of skill.

“You have to train your body to believe and reach the limit with concentration… And lastly, you have to mentally combine everything together… That’s all I can say.”

He kept his eyes shut as he thought about what the spirit had said. The spirit then went away to eat a snack.

“Should I start now?”

***

Ding…DDing…Dingding…

Click

-Hello

-Yes, hello?

-Jaehwang?

-Ah.. ah.. yes, it’s me, granddad. Hello?

-Hi. Why haven’t you come over when you were down the mountain?

-Ah, well… I’ve been feeling a bit tired so I just came back up.

-I see. I started to get worried when you didn’t come that day.

-I’m sorry. I guess I wasn’t thinking. Did the monster situation go better?

-Well… Yea. The hunter leader seemed to be very curious about you. But besides that, everything was great.

-That’s good.

-Haha…Well. So when are you going to come down?

Jaehwang’s voice sounded a bit hesitant while he answered his question.

-About that… I don’t even know. It’s just, I keep holding it off because…

-Huh? What do you mean?

Jaehwang’s voice once again hesitated at Mr. Song’s question.

-Never mind, It’s nothing. If something serious happens then I’ll come down.

-Ah. Okay. I see. Come down at least once.

-Okay.

He then hung up the phone.

“Even this is… So difficult…”

He hung up the phone and put it on the table that the spirit made with her magic. He then found himself lying on the floor with a blanket. A few hours had passed by and the day came to an end. In the prison of time and space, time moved faster than real time itself.

“I don’t like it. I don’t like it. I don’t like it.”

The spirit tried to wake up Jaehwang after 12 hours.

The more time that he spent inside the prison, the more he felt his consciousness begin to act strangely. Bt Jaehwang could not let that happen. The situation wasn’t so bad at the moment she started to act differently. If something did happen then it could be bad for Jaehwang. But his willpower had transcended the normal level of imagination. Losing his mind was not the worst thing that could happen and it was his soul that he needed to look after. He then turned around to look back.

“It doesn’t seem that bad but…”

She went back inside of him to wake him up but his face was still unchanged. It was like nothing happened and he didn’t fall into the prison of time and space in the first place. He started to see some illusions but just paid it no mind. He knew that something would eventually happen but he convinced himself that it won’t be that bad. This was the first time that he consciously felt hungry but that feeling soon passed away and was forgotten about.

The place had a desire to possess humans that had been there for a long time. When someone tried to endure it, that was where it started and their consciousness would start to have an imbalance.

“Don’t wake me up next time.”

The spirit said to herself after trying to go back inside him. Jaehwang’s eyes then immediately opened.

“What…”

Jaehwang then looked around the room with blank eyes and felt a pain in his stomach as he heard it growling. He just blankly stared at it but then the spirit appeared and pointed him outside.

“Let’s hurry and go.”

“Oh… Okay.”

He looked down at his stomach and slowly nodded his head. He tiredly got up and left through the main entrance.

“Wasn’t it hard?”

The spirit whispered to herself.

The Prison of Time and Space… 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 25: The Model Hunter 1




The spirit and Jaehwang sat down face-to-face at the end of the day. He had yet to overcome the differences between reality and the Prison of Time and Space. All he did was look at the ceiling all day while laying down.

That was the reason why the spirit waited there quietly. He was consciously eating and sleeping during his stay there but there was a big difference in that than actually eating and sleeping.

“Was there any success?”

“Well… I almost understood everything about the skill that I have.”

Jaehwang said as he opened the status window. Nothing was different at all. However, the status window changed and Jaehwang’s Tiger Hunter skill made a boost.

[Tiger Hunter Skill Raking has increased.]

[Tiger Hunter Skill Raking has increased.]

…

[Tiger Hunter – Rank 4, 12 Percent]

[Tiger Hunting Skill has reached Rank 4. Followed by ‘Silence Chaser option increased. – Mana Recovery rate 0.5 increase]

The skill had instantly increased by a few stages. If a different hunter saw something like this then they would faint. One would have to enter the usual course of the hunter body training system as well as the magic academy just to become a Gagseog. Of course, every ability was learned along with the body and magic training but that was what it was solely about.

The skills that one possessed would be analyzed along with the other participant’s skills during the process. Through individual training, they would be able to gradually learn about their skill points and in return they could be able to learn more.

He understood that realizing everything he had was not the solution that he needed. Even if he was incredibly skilled, only his acceptable experiences could be put together for him to get stronger. That was just common sense. However, since he was in a place like that, his other ideas that came into mind had crumbled down.

Jaehwang didn’t exactly know the difference in the status window at first glance and just nodded his head. But after that, his energy levels had also made a boost.

[Energy Skill Ranking increased.]

[Energy Skill Ranking increased.]

[Energy – Rank 3, 87 Percent]

Mana Recovery rate increased by 2.

Mana Energy increased by 20.

Even the energy ranking changed. His Mana Recovery had rapidly increased and the Mana Energy was improved by 70 percent at the same time. The Mana started to increase more and more faster than before.

“So you have gotten stronger.”

The spirit said with a surprised look after seeing the results. The energy screen was removed, Jaehwang then shook his head and answered.

“Looks like it.”

Jaehwang then got up from out of his seat. He was slightly still tired. He wasn’t exactly tired but he still felt an imbalance within his body. He tottered out the door and got the red cover protection that he received from the tattooed girl.

“From now on, it’s real.”

Jaehwang then went outside. There was a morning glow outside the door but soon, the first snow started to fall.

“I actually knew this was something self-proclaiming. It’s something really burdensome”

Jaehwang started by getting his arrow and positioning his feet. He began his training by moving up and down and left and right before he looked in all four directions as if he was looking for something to hunt.

[Energy]

[Energy Skill Rank Increase.]

…

[Energy Skill Rank 3, 56 Percent]

The energy began to flow throughout Jaehwang’s entire body and he felt ready more than ever.

The energy core. The place where the energy goes up and supports everything.

SwooSwooh… Swoosh

At first, it looked like he wanted to take a step back but he used the same foot as a spring to make a surprise attack by moving forward. It was a small single move but he acted as if he was ready in a fight. He felt light, e felt as if he could swim through mid air and land on the ground again.

Papag!

He made a poor shot with his arrow and then he turned around. The arrow flew through the air and then came flying down with the wind blowing at the back of his hand.

“One arrow…”

SwooSwoosh…

He said as he took another arrow in his hand.

[Unique Arrow]

He felt the energy surge through him tingling in his two hands and at the same time. Then a red string for a target came out of the spirit. His target was also the giant tree standing about 500 meters away from him.

He took a deep breath and pointed the head of the arrow towards the sky. The unique arrow didn’t simply just offer him a rapid increase in range, it also gave him the capability to point it exactly where he wanted it to go. An arrow would originally float through the air when it was shot and it would get a lot of influence from the wind. Jaehwang then followed the red line without any mistakes before he set his aims at the tree.

Pag!

The moment the refreshing arrow in the cover protection took its shot, it quickly flew far throughout the air without changing its point. It went to the red line without seemingly making one mistake…

He didn’t hear the sound of it hitting the bullseye but he could see the arrow’s tail of the other side that was jammed into the tree.

[Inherited Archery Skills Ranking Increase.]

“My improved archery skills are really doing great. Time for another one…”

SwooSwoosh…

He got another arrow from his hand and placed it on the string.

[Explosive Arrow]

The red energy started to flow out from the arrowhead.

Papag!

It was a little louder and it vibrated the air as it flew and hit into the ground.

KwakwaKwag!

The projectile made a big explosion the moment it hit the ground. The cloud of dust eventually faded away revealing a hole with a small diameter of a meter.

[Inherited Archery Skills Ranking Increase.]

“Why does it keep dividing like this? Should I be worried? What if I…”

SwooSwoosh.

He took another arrow in his hand and slowly pulled back the string.

[Unique and Explosive arrow]

Jujujut… Pong!

The explosive arrow couldn’t be compared with his previous one. It made a heavy sound when it launched.

KwaKwaKwang!!! Jujug…

Before the arrow launched off, the [Unique Arrow] was still stuck in the tree and because of that, things went completely wrong.

KwaKwaKwang!! Kwang!

The arrow exploded in the middle of the giant tree, causing several layers of bark to fall off.

[Archery Skill Ranking increase.]

[Archery Skills Rank 3, 5 Percent]

“I didn’t know it was possible for a skill to overlap. It seems that something’s still possible with the exploding arrow… Hmm…”

He said as he faced the spirit. He started to feel some pain in the palm of his hands. He then looked down and saw some bleeding scratch marks.

“Ugh… Its all great but it takes a lot of energy and I still can’t endure that much pressure…”

He looked at his hand without saying anything. He didn’t have any protecting equipment and he was using the skill with his bare hands. He had been training ever since he was a kid and he thought that the dense callous that had accumulated in his hands would be okay but he still couldn’t take it.

[Rapid Resurrection]

Jaehwang gathered his left and right hand into a fist and then, the common skill began to take effect…

Jiii…

A white light surrounded his right hand and after a second the bleeding wounds were gone.

“Wow.”

Jaehwang looked at the back and front of his hand with a satisfied smile. In the Prison of time and space he thought that he couldn’t practice two different skills. He could now cook and also instantly heal his damaged hands. He cooked for Mr. Song and he knew how it worked but in the Prison, he thought that he could only train consciously so he didn’t consider testing his recovery skills.

The spirit nodded her head as she watched him.

“Looks like you have a recovery skill. You could use it up to three times if you die…”

“It’s a really good skill.”

“Really? But I could have given you the recovery skill, you know.

Jaehwang slightly glanced towards the spirit and gave it an annoyed look.

The spirit ruined the mood but the recovery skill was still great in his eyes. It was a common ranked skill but it was treated as a special ability.

Possessing a recovery resurrection skill was just like possessing a higher ranked skill. Although its rating was compared to common skill rankigs, being able to instantly heal a wound was not all it could do. However, no one knew much about the skill as much as everyone knew about the other common skills. Hunters that had healing skills would sometimes work in hospitals and would receive hundreds in their annual salary within the year.

Instead of just a simple healing skill, Jaehwang’s healing skill was a resurrection skill. With his resurrection skill, he could heal wounds and even erase its scars. The side effects of a normal healing skill would be complex scars but his skill could heal through everything as if nothing ever happened. That was the reason why the resurrection skill had a higher rank compared to the other recovery spells.

Moreover, it could heal anything quickly and live up to its name. It was a common skill but could do something amazing.

“I have to get ready to go into the wormhole.”

“Okay. That sounds great.”

The Model Hunter 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 26: The Model Hunter 2




Two days later Jaehwang went back to his closet at noon since he forgot to bring some clothes with him before he went into the wormhole. Realizing that there were things that he might have forgotten, he went back understanding that he needed to be more careful and plan everything ahead. Going on a hunt alone was not simply just about packing dozens of camping equipment.

“Hmm...”

Jaehwang then got on the bus and watched a foreign vlog titled ‘There’s 100 days left in the world’ in his phone.

The spirit then asked.

-What are you watching?

-A video for surviving in Alousu.

-Oh... The Alousu looks like a fun place.

Jaehwang and the spirit both watched the person in the video make a trap by tying around a tree branch.

-Fun? Hah... Does that really look like fun to you?

The day about the mash-up being a fun experience made sarcastically Jaehwang laugh and shake his head.

It was an awful time. It was a tragedy that cost the lives of many every single day. So many things happened as he said before, some have thought that it was the last day for humanity...

It was not just hundreds or thousands, millions of people died during that time however, the current state of the Alousu was okay. The issues with monsters there have gotten fixed and the only trouble left was the ones made by the Dakosu. A lot of them were still crawling out of their dimension and would brutally destroy the humans that had come to fight them. They were not just simple predators.

The world was then overrun by them the moment hunters had stopped fighting. They didn’t have the need to eat, starvation was not their problem. They all moved for the sake of slaughtering those who would come to stop them. Because of that, so many countries collapsed. A lot of things were given up on and the force of change had to be sought.

-Why are you laughing?

The spirit complained but Jaehwang ignored her and continued to pay attention to the video.

-Be quiet and just watch it.

-Fine...

The vlog’s owner was a hunter BJ with a specialty in investigation. He was a high-ranked hunter from England. He would travel around Alousu to vlog about his experiences and upload them online.

-This is a thirty-day Alousu lifestyle and today was another tiring day. Before we came to this place there were enough vaccinations on the earth but it was always used for careless people so there’s none for us. Can you see it? A week ago we became isolated alone and got wounded in a raid... We still have to recover and pay the price. Our meat turned out not to be good for us. You can’t tell by this video but, it’s like we’re having diarrhea every day.

-If you have ran into a situation like this, then stems and plant roots would serve as a good alternative. The plant is called ‘Alou Mercy’ and in this neighborhood it is used to cure all diseases. Boiling the roots in water could surely be used as a good water purifier. Our earth almost works just the same but the background of this place’s water regions are more diverse.

They looked like they were 50 generations away from the present. There was a thin man whose name was unknown warming water on a small burner. After a little while, the cold water was boiled and the man’s face scowled after he drank it.

-Ugh... It tastes awful.

He drank all of the boiled water and then he gathered giant leaves and hammered them down to make a bed.

-The hunters that came to the raid prepared the latest tent and gloves as required for today’s camping. A special smell comes out of this big leaf and that scent would keep the monsters away. Before, my sensing skills were able to detect when something dangerous would be coming so there was no problem, but it’s always good to add an extra layer of security. Haha... if possible, I hope this video’s viewers are the ones acting dangerously instead.

“This is the final stop.”

Jaehwang placed his phone in his pocket and got off the bus. He went by to the closest town in the village. He strolled along the end of the town all until he reached a red bricked post office after walking for about 15 minutes. He saw two people as he walked inside. The atmosphere was perfectly calm.

“How may I help you?”

Jaehwang was welcomed by a young employee who stood up from her seat and he greeted him as he pulled the hat over his face so she couldn’t see.

“I would like to get a delivery.”

“What’s your name?”

“Jeon Jaehwang.”

The female employee nodded her head at his answer and reached for an old folder. She then typed on the computer for a second and nodded her head again.

“All of your things arrived here yesterday during the afternoon. Do you want all those items today... Follow me?

“Okay.”

Jaehwang followed the employee towards the back of the post office. There were a lot of deliveries that haven’t gone to houses in the town since the original destination was set up in the mountains. There were a lot of packed items inside and there were the receipts of the items that had already been delivered on the outside.

“Do you have an ID?”

“Here you go.”

He took his wallet out of his pocket and handed her the ID as she went to the other side to ask a question through the terminal. After a little while, she returned with a big box on a roller in front of him and asked him a question.

“Do you have a car?”

“No. I’ll look at the items first and then take it with me.”

“Oh. Okay.”

The female employee shook her head and walked away. Jaehwang then looked at the items in the box on the roller one by one.

He needed something to use the internet with before he went back to Alousu and this town didn’t have anything except for mail orders.

“We need a water purifying set... and a set of seasonings...”

-And chocolate?

“We need a wide range defense set and twenty shooting star Series D rank replacement arrow strings...That might be the most expensive thing.”

-And Chocolate?!

“Alousu equipment type B, emergency food and 100 arrows to shoot for medium sized monsters...”

-And my chocolate!

He kept hearing her mention chocolate in his head. He finished checking the items and took a light breath.

-But I have no money.

The spirit then started to yell.

-Can’t you look at that phone and find a way to get a lot of money?! You promised to buy chocolate too!

He then started to think about what the handsome hunter said that night. He had about 120 dollars, the details about the monster’s calculated description were sent separately. Being a hunter meant that his occupational category would take so much out of his money. He wondered why was there such a burdensome share of cost in that situation but in any case, all of what was left was used in his online shopping.

-I used up all of the arrowheads and I needed to buy more.

-Buy it!

-It’s just as I thought.

-You’re breaking your promise!

-I didn’t promise anything.

-Ugh!

The spirit continued to beg for chocolate. Jaehwang actually felt sorry about it but he didn’t even get a chance to buy arrowheads. There were arrows in the house that could possibly left in a good condition.

The problem was the cover suit’s arrow strings. There was an eighty percent discount sale on the website so he bought the mid-ranked monster equipment and the older version of the arrowhead.

Of course Jaehwang mentioned that but it was rare for hunters to use old bows. Compared to fighting monsters with small firearms, using fighting weapons such as blades was a much better choice. But the problem was that the arrows he already had were limited and were continuously going low. The arrows that he got from the tattooed girl helped a lot with his expenses.

He scrolled through every hunter site there was but there were almost no results related to arrow sales.

-If you buy something delicious later than I’ll be a little quieter.

-Hm... Something delicious?

-Yes.

-Okay.

The spirit dialed down and Jaehwang then took the items and left the post office.

-Where are you going?

-The bakery...

There was a bakery within a walking distance from the post office. It was a small town but there were lots of places one could go. The bakery in the neighborhood had only been around for a little over ten years. Jaehwang got to their destination within a few minutes and the spirit pointed her fingers towards everything.

-That one! And that! That one too! Ahh! There’s too many! Should I just come out and choose?”

Jaehwang shook his head at the spirit’s suggestion. He thought that was a bad idea. The spirit would never get tired of pointing at everything. He asked himself about how he could send her in there by herself but he later trashed the idea since it would be useless in his situation. He didn’t want to risk having any rumor going around the neighborhood.

The spirit was not an idiot, he already knew that she couldn’t be trusted to buy chocolate on her own. Jaehwang decided that it was not a good idea. She got a few snacks and others off of the display trays including bread and chocolate.

“That would be $7 dollars please.”

Dding...

Said the store clerk as he bagged their items. The clerk gave a gentle greeting and asked for his card. Jaehwang gave him his card with his trembling hand, knowing that there were only about 60 cents left on it.

“Hah...”

He quickly took the paper bag and the clerk was yet to notice anything going on. He then started to stagger towards the exit.

-Quick run!

Jaehwang quickly ran out of the bakery and headed into the department store.

He brought a water purifier but he didn’t have any water so he also went to buy bottled water. He then heard a familiar voice coming from somewhere.

“Oh! Really? Okay.”

It was a very familiar voice. He looked over to see if it was who he thought it was... It was a tall man wearing a colorful parka coat and looked to be in their early thirties. There was a floral pattern on the inside of the coat and on the bottom he was wearing reddish brown suit pants... It was his uncle.

He was the one who ran away with Jaehwang’s parent’s insurance money and suddenly disappeared from his disabled and now orphaned niece who was in the hospital...

-What’s going on?

The spirit asked as it felt a sudden change in his atmosphere.But Jaehwang didn’t answer and just continued to stand there like a mannequin. He eventually left before his uncle could see him by walking in the opposite direction.

“I’m going to kill him...”

-Kill?

Asked the spirit after Jaehwang thought aloud that murder wouldn’t be that much of bad of a choice. It was a bit of a joke but at that moment his eyes were filled with anger.

-Yes. He’s an idiot that wants to die.

Seriously.

-Oh...

Once he reached enough distance between him and his uncle, he started to slowly follow behind him. He wasn’t worried about being noticed because his hat was still pulled down and covering his face. If he couldn’t control his urge to murder him on the spot, he decided that he would just run and crush him somewhere else.

-Wait, let’s talk for a minute.

Jaehwang then began to answer the spirit’s question.

The Model Hunter 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 27: A Talk with His Uncle 1




His uncle’s name was Kim DaeSeong, he was a 42 year old former hunter applicant who had a gambling problem. His sister had a bright future in archery and that was why when he was young, he was deprived of his parent’s attention. All of their time was given to his sister and because of that, he grew up to be an unhappy and bitter person.

His dissatisfaction had reached its limit when his sister won her second Olympic gold medal. That urged him to take three million dollars from home to take a Gagseog procedure.

His Gagseog ratings were high and his skills continued to increase. He was able to reach the third rank but the dangers of the hunter life scared him off and he escaped just to get an even more expensive Gagseog procedure. He stole five million dollars from his family and he threw it all away by gambling.

At that point, his family and relatives already saw him as a bad person. Only Jaehwang’s grandmother solely felt sorry for him. A few years after that, his family tried move past everything and live in peace after all those past tragedies.

“He’s worse than a beast...”

He came to the hospital for his parent’s insurance money. He obviously and legally got the insurance coverage from the hospital by committing insurance fraud. When Jaehwang found out about it, he hated him unconditionally. He lost his mind when he found out that his uncle secretly took everything away from him.

He couldn’t imagine that something like that would ever happen. He was only a minor at that time so the insurance information had to be protected by the state and laws. However, many people had died after the generation mash-up and society was ruined and lost its control. With that, insurance related documents being stolen became one of the country’s biggest problems.

Of course, the government tried to resolve the insurance documents issues but there were things that were a little more important to focus on. So the policy was delayed and Jaehwang faced that law’s weak point.

He was also so injured that his body and mind were not the same and he couldn’t even live a normal life because of the mental and physical impact.

After the insurance incident with his uncle, he tried to file a lawsuit for insurance fraud but the lawsuit company took too long and he had no chance to get the money back. One of the problems was that, Jaehwang was also thought to be dead.

He then gave up on the lawsuit because his grandmother got on her knees and begged in front of him. She said that she wanted her son to be forgiven... She said that she wanted to pay back the money any way that she could...

But his mother’s side of the family cut off all contact with him after that. Time passed and they avoided him, never paying him back as they promised. Jaehwang completely gave up on them as well but he obviously didn’t forgive his uncle. Instead of wasting his time to find him, he had set his goal of making a full recovery and going back to school

He promised one thing and that was that he would never go looking for him purposely. That was what he promised to his grandmother. But, if there came a chance that they would meet face-to-face coincidentally, he wouldn’t just let him go.

And today, he coincidentally found that idiot and so Jaehwang secretly followed him. They passed by an alleyway and he soon found himself in a shabby underground coffee shop. He followed him down the stairs and kept a far distance at a different table.

He watched his uncle order coffee and look at his phone. Two guys in black suits soon showed up to his uncle’s table and greeted him before sitting down.

“How’s it going?”

“There was no face. Sir... Everything’s gone.”

“Idiots... you went to Rome and did whatever else you wanted with that money, are you trying to make me mad?...”

Jaehwang’s uncle, DaeSeong, carelessly talked to the guys in the black suit as he drank his coffee.

“But why are you gathering people to kill that kid?”

Said one of the guys in the black suit. His uncle then put down his coffee and continued to speak in the same tone.

“Idiots. You don’t know what’s in that house, okay? I’m not even a hunter and you need to get rid of my sister’s husband...”

“..It’s impossible that he could be a Gagseog... He’s just an ordinary person...”

DaeSeong was now a level three F-ranked hunter. It didn’t seem like that much but there was a big difference between a Gagseog and a normal human.

“Try harder! Are you not taking this seriously?”

“N-no, that’s not it.”

One of the guys in a black suit shook his head. Jaehwang’s uncle then took out a cigarette and placed it in his mouth as he talked.

“Wouldn’t it be nice if he just ate acid...”

“He could just drink it and that’s all, right? He’s not even twenty years old yet so when you get to him just do it, it should be easy. What’s so hard to understand...”

“He’s disabled! Just take him out, isn’t it that easy? And then that niece, she’s in a coma so that shouldn’t be a problem. They’re both hopeless...”

...

Jaehwang fought back the urge to go over them and punch him in the face. His fingernails were digging into the palm of his hands and he wanted to go and take care of him right then and there.

“I’m going to the bathroom for a second.”

His uncle went to the bathroom and Jaehwang tried to follow along behind him but he then, heard his uncle’s henchman talking so he stayed behind to listen.

“Ha... That fool... Is he really acting like this? I talk a lot like that too but this is the first time I’ve had to deal with someone like him. How could he do something like this to his niece in the hospital and his sister in law’s parents?”

“That jerk has been using his money for gambling and has millions in secret loans. He has to pay the money back to them so he’s trying to get rid of them.”

“So taking out the acid was just an excuse?”

“No, not that... I think he said that he came here because he’s going back to a cottage that was built here. He said that he was in debt...”

The other guy in a black suit sitting across from him took a sip from his cold water and continued the conversation,

“Ugh... I hate him... If only I had Gagseog skills... He would be...”

“Done for. Three million. What even are the kids’ names? I also heard that he went after his sister’s family with a dump truck and that the insurance money he has was for the kids. He’s an evil person. We need to be careful.”

“He’s coming...”

Jaehwang quietly eavesdropped on their entire conversation from his seat.

The moment he heard that their family were stuck in his uncle’s failure, it felt as if his last string of hope was cut.

-It’ll be okay.

The spirit said to Jaehwang as she was starting to get worried.

-Thanks.

-You’re still not in a good condition.

-I know. I’ll control myself.

Jaehwang tried to relax and not feel so worried but he couldn’t do that since he had to fight his murderous urge. He wanted to just die away but he felt like there were a lot of things that he had to know. He also wanted to settle the old debt and ask them about that day. But now was not the right time or place.

Jaehwang had lost all contact with him before and was now back to his uncle. He followed him and found out what and where the motel he was currently staying in was. Straight after that, he went to the neighborhood market and bought two pairs of women’s stockings. He then went to the hardware store and brought one pack of a four roll bundle of duct tape.

It then became night. Jaehwang got his mail order and put on the stuff from inside. Second tier monsters came out of the Dakosu’s dimension gate and there was one on the loose. It was comparable to a small rhinoceros with its strong defensive skills. But its attacks were fairly simple and straightforward, It looked like it would be an easy monster to hunt.

His family was terrified by the wide range of defense devices. It was one of the highest ranked Gagseog weapons there was. He carefully checked the weapon and then put on the protection and wore a black mask that covered his mouth and neck.

Whriing...

Jaehwang went into the hotel used by Tiger hunters. The person at the desk was wearing headphones in his ears, he continued to play his game and passed Jaehwang the room key. He got to the third floor and went into his hotel room. He looked out of the window to check the space where his uncle was staying.

-Has this person ever died before?

-No...

Jaehwang answered the spirit’s question with a stern look...

-Oh...

The spirit could tell that Jaehwang seemed anxious. She had always seen Jaehwang as the devoted model student type. Being an 18-year-old kid, he already had amazing talents. His skills were great but he seemed to have had a hard time getting his feelings together. He won’t always be happy but he could learn to control it a little.

He was exceptional at hunting but hunting people was not a good thing.

-What are you going to do?

-First I have to think a plan to overpower him.

-So he can die.

-...

The spirit didn’t answer and just looked at him with the thought of helping while Jaehwang thinks of the debt that his uncle had created.

He walked slowly down the hallway. The thing he had to be most careful of was the CCTV and breaking things by accident. When he got to the door, Jaehwang took a deep breath and looked through the pass key terminal.

Tic...Dding

“Huh?”

Kim DaeSeong was drinking his beer and laughing as he watched an adult program on TV when someone suddenly opened the entrance door. He turned his head with a smile full of suspicion. He knew that he had the hotel key but the still suddenly came open. He eventually looked towards the door from his bed but he didn’t see anything out there.

“What is going on...”

He struggled to get on his feet. The door then opened wider and something was suddenly wrapped around his neck.

“Keug..”

He couldn’t breath but his hunter senses still mildly worked.

“Argh!”

He couldn’t see what was going on but he still had confidence in his skills so he started to squirm and swung his arms.

Popeog...

He broke free from the killer’s clutches and he was able to see that the man who attacked him wore a mask and an armor. He followed up as soon as he regained his footing but the masked man was not an easy target and avoided his punches without any effort.

“You... Who...”

He then picked up a sharp knife and stabbed him. DaeSeong fell on the floor and started to scream with tears in his eyes. He tried to cope with the pain but it was too much since the cut had reached the marrow of his bone. He then stopped squirming and moved further away on the bed. His clothes were all torn up because of the knife but that made things faster for the masked man than just fighting each other face to face.

He jumped over a crack in the bed and landed beside him. He grabbed DaeSeong’s arm and threw him on the floor.

Kwang...

DaeSeong howled in pain as soon as his shoulder cracked but his scream was muffled by the masked person’s hand. He shook his head as he tried to free himself from his clutch with his other arm but the man later took it and broke it as well.

“Eouup...”

He screeched at the room ceiling and then glared at his heavy crystal ashtray on his side. He then saw a blue flash of light and felt a strong force that rammed into his head.

PaJang!!

The ashtray was shattered its pieces and flew everywhere. DaeSeong lost his consciousness and Jaehwang then punched him in the face to double-check before he took a deep breath.

-Wow... How are you so good at this?

-Huh? Really?

-Where did you learn this?

-What are you talking about?

Jaehwang asked back answering the spirit’s question as he locked the entrance door. He then went back next to the bed where his uncle lost consciousness on the floor. He placed him in a chair and started to wrap his entire body until he used up all the duct tape he had bought. He then took the two stockings and tied them together to make a gag for his mouth.

A Talk with His Uncle 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 28: A Talk with His Uncle 2




Kim DaeSeong woke up to sharp pains.

“Ah...Eoup...”

Blood was dripping from his head and his eyes were so swollen that it felt like it was scorched. He struggled to move and he was shocked to see his entire body was covered in duct tape.

“If you keep struggling like that the pain would only get worse and you’ll die from excessive bleeding, DaeSeong.”

“Eoueoupeoup!!!”

His uncle tried to talk with his gagged mouth as he turned his head left and right, trying to see who spoke to him. Jaehwang then slightly removed the cover off of his uncle’s mouth.

“Someone’s in here! Someone’s trying to kill me! Eoueoup!”

He yelled, making Jaehwang shove the stocking back in his mouth.

“Really?”

Pong! Pong! Pong! Peopong! Pong!

He clenched his fist and started to hit him all over his body. Jaehwang avoided his face but he still dealt some serious damage. He inherited lots of archery and hunting skills from his father, so he could naturally fight and know the spots that would hurt his hostage the most.

20 minutes had passed, he then begged Jaehwang to stop with his face covered with snot and tears.

“Do try to yell again. See what would happen.”

DaeSeong gave him a nod with his eyes full of fear.

“Pua...”

He spits the stocking out of his mouth and took a deep breath before he looked up at Jaehwang who stood in front of him.

“Wh... Who are you?”

“...”

“Maybe I’m a different person and this is just an illusion?”

“Uh...”

Jaehwang sighed at DaeSeong’s question. His uncle tried to struggle once again and so Jaehwang punched him and thought if that was enough. He stopped and took a deep breath but now, he’s doing it for another reason instead of just trying to calm himself down.

He was honestly a little scared. It seemed like his uncle didn’t know his name and because of that, he was starting to feel weak. He was a relative and wasn’t that much of a bad person. He remembered when he was young and didn’t know anything, he would follow his uncle everywhere.

Although hurting him made him feel confused, he wasn’t sure on exactly how he felt. His uncle didn’t recognize his voice at all. A few questions like how many times did he go to the hospital and why did he take their insurance money popped into his head. He couldn’t understand any of it.

“So you can’t fully recognize me.”

No matter what he was or who he was, he was still a terrible person. Jaehwang then took the cover off of his mouth again and asked him a question.

“Do you know who I am?”

DaeSeong trembled as he looked around him.

“I...I really... I don’t know... uh ... It can’t be... Mr. Choi?”

“Bingo... But, doesn’t my voice sound so different?”

“Huh?... Boss...”

He started to make up some excuses so he covered his mouth again.

“Geououp!”

He slapped DaeSeong with the back of his right hand and that made him cry.

“Yes. It’s Mr. Choi...I know now... I recognize you boss...”

“Okay. Now, don’t you remember me a little? Do you know what it is you did wrong?”

“No... Before I... No! Yeah. You said to call when you say so but I didn’t.”

“Again?”

“Again... Again?”

The moment he tried to ask back, Jaehwang ran his fingers over his mouth.

“We all have a set of 10 fingers and toes so about 20 altogether. How do you feel about losing one and living with 19? and if you don’t give me what I want to hear, you’re gonna lose another 10 one by one. But do keep talking, I’m not gonna stop you since I like doing this after all...”

Jaehwang said with an eerie voice, DaeSeong then wet his pants and replied with a cry.

“No! Look. It’s just that....”

His uncle already fainted once and he couldn’t risk having him to go through the same thing again. Jaehwang had clearly made his point to make things quick but he couldn’t sense it... He was wearing a mask that only showed his eyes and his voice was a bit muffled. DaeSeong was already panicking as he was being tormented by pain and fear so there was nothing that he could do.

“I was supposed to call you once on the third but I didn’t so I’m sorry. No, no... At that time I was borrowing money so I couldn’t call. And last month I was talking rudely and... My nephew was cut out of school and moved to the mountains... I’m going to bury that jerk... For sure...”

DaeSeong began to say all of his thoughts aloud. Jaehwang looked at him with a cold look in his eyes as he continued to talk. His eyes clawed into his life’s will power, making his sweat fall down as he continued to say his excuse.

-Woah...

The spirit discovered another side to Jaehwang. She thought twice about them being relatives since he was torturing him at the moment and it did not look that they had that connection. She felt dissapointed that he could just say about cutting his fingers so naturally.

-Where did you learn that?

-What?

-A threat like that.

-It’s a joke. You just say it as if you’re serious...

The spirit tried to ask but Jaehwang was focused on glaring down his uncle to make him talk since his eyes were wandering around the place and avoiding eye contact. There’s still one more thing... He thought of the answer he wanted to hear to hypnotize him a bit more, and it was enough to make his teeth clench.

Guudeog...

He bit his lip until it started to bleed. He used that to remind himself to be firm because, at this point, he needed to act a little more determined.

“I get it. Your boss would need some of that money.”

DaeSeong then froze as if he was as cold as ice.

“W-Well... Why...”

He put the cover over his mouth again and DaeSeong’s confused face changed into a fearful expression.

“Eoup! Eup! Eup!”

“You’re not dead yet. I’ll keep one side clean. Isn’t that nice?”

He was stained with blood but a light came out of Jaehwang’s hand and his scar had healed.

“Hurry up and go, I’ll clean up.”

Peug...

“Eoup!”

He struggled to get loose...

His used all his of strength to try and break free but he struggled breaching through the duct tape like a caterpillar in its shell. The duck tape was like reinforced plastic and it made things hard for him. He then calmed down after a few attempts and yelled loudly.

“I can’t move, how am I supposed to get out of this?”

“Argh!”

DaeSeong felt worn out, seeing that many of his tries had failed.

“Isn’t it fun?”

DaeSeong strongly turned his head at Jaehwang’s question. Having an angel of death and standing in front of him was no fun at all. Nothing was scarier than a person who’s about to drag him into death’s doors. He was acting maliciously for a moment and he then was suddenly uninjured after everything that’s been going on.

“I’m very curious about you.”

***

-Are you okay?

-Yeah.

The spirit asked Jaehwang with worried tone as she saw all the blood on his hand. Jaehwang placed his shaking hand on DaeSeong’s stomach, the skin then started to heal little by little from where his hand is placed.

And soon, the wound was completely healed.

“What a relief.”

The wound made his uncle suffer like crazy. An accident like that for him was nothing but it was not the same for his uncle. He was bleeding in front of him and even though it was in control, he said it wasn’t. Even if he lied about it, Jaehwang still just couldn’t bear watch him bleed.

He felt that the burden on his shoulders was suddenly relieved. After being worried about what he did, it was probably the first time he realized that maybe he didn’t want to murder him. After all, he was his relative.

Jaehwang stood up straight and looked around the room.

He fixed his bleeding stomach but a little blood unexpectedly started to come out. He took a towel from off of the floor and put it over his uncle’s stomach to try and patch it up. Jaehwang then went to the bed and lied on the old mattress.

To divide up everything that happened in there, he bought twenty 100 bundle packs that cost $50,000 dollar and eventually, it added up to about $100,000,000... He used the emergency escape cash his uncle kept and Jaehwang heedlessly looked at all the things he bought. He then saw a piece of paper on the table next to the bed with a phone number and a name on it.

‘010-3002-XXXX Als Strategy topic, Department Head Kim EunYeong.

-What’s that?

-That... I don’t know yet. Later... If you get stronger from now on, then...

That was the number for the insurance company director that gave his parent’s money to his uncle. DaeSeong didn’t get the money with just any company. The Als group helped him to get it from his collateral family. There was no way for him to make up his mind for revenge because he didn’t have any real reason. As a hunter that trusts his senses, he could confidently believe in his observation.

Jaehwang then placed both his hands on DaeSeong’s head while he was still passed out

The spirit already knew what he was thinking.

-You know what we should do instead?

Jaehwang then nodded his head.

-No... I either start this or finish it.

Jaehwang gives strength and energy to DaeSeong by placing his hands on his head.

[Energy & Strength]

Jujujut...

White dust started to come out of both of Jaehwang’s hands and went into DaeSeong’s head.

His face had started to form beads of sweat... Jaehwang then took his hand and sat next to the sofa. The remaining of the floating energy dust went into his uncle’s head.

“Cough...”

His body violently reacted against energy and floated as if he was having a seizure.

He didn’t die but it looked concerning.

Jaehwang then checked if he was still breathing and took a deep breath before closing his eyes.

***

His business with his uncle continued on for a few more days later.

Soogsoog.soog

Jaehwang wrote something on a piece of paper.

“Done, isn’t it good?”

Jaehwang then drew a big circle and shook his head before tearing up the paper and throwing it in the trash.

-I’m completely ready.

-I didn’t know you were so meticulous.

The spirit said in a surprised tone. She’s been helping Jaehwang prepare to go into the wormhole for the past few days. He’s been endlessly packing up everything that he would need. He had committed a crime and used up one hundred million dollars but, he now had a lot of cash that he could use to buy all the things he could possibly need.

-Because we don’t know what could happen.

-True. If I get bored I could die.

-You should go and watch TV.

-Then buy the paid broadcasting! [First love’s father-in-law] and [My man’s my man’s man] Re-airings have been boring...

-Ugh...

Jaehwang continued to prepare for the trip down to the last details. Because of that, the spirit would be useless and wouldn’t be able to do a thing except probably give him a headache. With that in mind, he realized had to get a satellite antenna so that the spirit would be able to enjoy one of mankind greatest and worst inventions.

For the first time, he couldn’t distinguish the programs on TV every day. After a few one hundred years she could now enjoy the things of the new world that she’s now living in. Because of that, the spirit would now be able to adjust to the present day lifestyle. The side effects had started to disappear but she began to take interest in TV little by little and soon it started to get worse.

Jaehwang did not have any plans for a tablet of a phone because of that...

Of course, the spirit would just use the tablet to watch dramas. She then asked for a computer to watch more series on but she ended up using it too much.

The remaining computer he had was used to get the video data from Als since he has to keep that as safe and secure as possible. He may need help from the internet to save them.

A Talk with His Uncle 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 29: The Alousu 1




At last, it was finally time to go. Jaehwang said goodbye to his ancestors in the shrine and fastened the lock on the gate outside. He couldn’t contact Mr. Song from where he would go so they talked in the cabin before he left.

He then stood and looked into the wormhole on the ground before him.

-Are you ready?

Asked the spirit.

-First, we have to go in and check if it’s safe and if we’ll need anything else before going in. We have to see if it’s a good place for training so we need to search through the terrain for any kind monsters in there.

-Not that, what about what I said?.

Jaehwang took a deep breath.

-We’ll check two times.

-Good.

They were about to set foot into an unknown world and there was no time for any childish acts. He kept getting a feeling that they wouldn’t see any monsters. Jaehwang then shook his head and went down into the wormhole.

Swoog...

Jaehwang checked the place by putting his leg first into the wormhole and he eventually got his head through. He was able to pass through but all that appeared was a very dark circle. He then puts on a pair of goggles and pressed its switch. These hunter googles was not just used to protect his eyes, it also granted him night vision as it projects a weak light as a precaution for the monsters around that might detect him.

The cave was not artificially made. However, five minutes in and he started to smell a strong scent. It was a smell coming from an excreta. He turned on his tiger hunter sense and continued on. Jaehwang looked around and saw that the place was full of wilted tree branches as well as sticks. After walking a few steps more, he found two baby monsters above him that looked like it died due to starvation.

-I didn’t know that the wormhole would have monster nests.

-Do the babies grow up being taken care of by the female monster? Or the male?

-No, If they were to be taken care of by the male then wouldn’t they starve to death and be neglected?

Like mammals, they were supposed to have a parent that would take care of them. The pair of monsters would usually break up after they’ve mated. The female would be left to look for her babies and the male would then resume its expedition.

The structure was overall kind of messy but, the big monsters that lived there were as big as the place itself. Jaehwang soon found and checked the exit, he took off his goggles and left after a moment.

Whii...

He took a blast from the strong wind. The winter season was right around the corner but this place was humid and felt like it was a sultry tropical rainforest.

-I’ve never noticed how amazing the world is... That side is kind of similar...

Those were the spirit’s first thoughts about what she saw. She meant that the Alousu and the terrain of the earth were similar. Like their neighborhood located on the mountain ridge, its landscape bore the same shape. But even so, Jaehwang knew the village so well that he couldn’t find one similar thing to look for.

The shape and the valley were similar. There were also a variety of big trees but he insisted that there were no similarities.

-It’s a little similar but they’re completely different.

Jaehwang said after taking a look around the place. It looks like a place where normal people could live. He could see the end of the horizon and there were giant trees everywhere. The trees were so big that they looked to go up to more than 100 meters tall.

They then to heard something that sounded like a monster’s cry within the distance.

They were quite far away but the sound kept getting bigger and bigger. When they saw what was making the noise they started to feel something unusual.

-It’s hard to tell what it is.

Jaehwang took out his phone and looked at the map. The map for the Alousu and the mountain village were even similar and if that was wrong then the map that he had would be completely useless. They couldn’t even see the savage beast that inherited the place... Jaehwang was deep in thought and then the spirit asked a question.

-Doesn’t this seem like something I can help out with?

-How?

-The density of this place is deeper than the real world so I could do this.

A figure then started to form due to the white dust coming from out of Jaehwang’s eye. The form wasn’t like last time, it had a big frame and a red string coming from it. It had wings spread out but it looked like it could only fly a short distance of about 3 meters.

-There’s a lot going on here so I can’t do much. But, I can it seems like I can endure it for some time. Should we patrol the neighborhood.?

-Could you scope out the area first? Just to make sure nothing’s dangerous up ahead.

-Okay.

Jaehwang watched as she jumped and flew through the air. He then thought that his next instruction would be the most important task for the spirit.

Jaehwang walked outside of the cave. He didn’t notice that many bugs but he remained cautious. He had prepared for this moment, he could not let it all go to waste. Even before he came, here he got a vaccination and studied almost all about common life in the Alousu.

There was actually something that he wanted to do when he came here. He was on where his ancestors went when they were alive. He continued to relive the feelings of his past as the spirit was up in the trees and securing the area.

Jaehwang had become a superhuman and received a lot of skills from the spirit. That was why he was able to see clearly what it was when it came.

Peodududeug...

Hueueug...

The spirit rushed back to his side.

-Hide!

-Huh?

She dove to the ground and Jaehwang covered the spirit with himself at the moment where a giant black shadow passed by them. They only saw the back of the creature but it was enough to give them the creeps.

-In here!

-Okay!

They went towards a giant tree and Jaehwang’s tiger hunter skills started to emerge.

-What are we going to do?!

-Sorry, I should have been more careful.

Kueueugeug...

They heard the sound of giant footsteps.

Luckily his tiger hunter senses still worked even though he was hiding, however, the time limit of maintaining it was not so long. He peeked out from their hiding place and he retracted it back at the moment where he saw it.

-Don’t lead it over here.

-Sorry!

Even Jaehwang panicked because of what he saw.

It felt like the idea of staying here forever suddenly didn’t seem so bad. It looked like a dangerous fifth tier monster who was two levels higher than the monsters they had seen so far. It had the typical shape of a bird but it was much bigger. It had a muscular body, strong legs, and teeth sharper than a shark’s. The scariest thing about it was that it could fly and do a sudden nosedive into the ground without suffering from any damage.

Ggeueug... Geueug...

They looked around and saw it walking around the area.

-Hiding isn’t a good idea.

-Why?

-It looks like it’s not going to give up.

Jaehwang’s senses were not wrong.

It looked like a child longing for its mother’s embrace. It appeared smaller compared on what it was supposed to look but it still had wings almost as big as an airplane’s.

It looked everywhere around the trees. It then found an earthworm hiding in the ground shortly thereafter and left the scene. What happened might seem like a good thing but the only problem with that was, Jaehwang was that earthworm.

The tiger hunter skill had met the end of its duration and for the first time, Jaehwang felt that he would really die in this current crisis.

-...This usually doesn’t happen...

The spirit felt humiliated as she mumbled to herself when Jaehwang was taken away.

‘I’m so useless.’

Jaehwang regretted going out of the cave. Other than letting the spirit scout the area, he just had to go out and check for himself. He was too careless... and now, his mind turned blank and he couldn’t think of anything he could do to save himself.

-Isn’t this something that I could have avoided?

-It’s a shame but possibly.

Just as the spirit said, there was no way out of a situation like that. His tiger hunter senses was now gone and there seems to be a swarm of 7 giant monsters around the area. There was a small one but it looked like there would be a big one wherever he looked.

Geururug?

A baby monster then appeared in front of him, it felt quiet for a second. It was tilting its head left and right as if it wasn’t calling for Jaehwang. It looked cute and even though he felt sorry, he knew full well that he was facing a fourth tier monster.

Kyag!

Kwahkwag!

He got himself rammed into an old tree before the monster could take him into its nest.

“Darn it!”

He was dropped so he jumped back on his feet and ran as fast as he could to a different tree. The only thing left to do was escape. Jaehwang was fast but the only problem was that the monster was even faster.

Ggeueug!

Ggurureug!!

He expected that the bird in the sky would just hover to the ground but it suddenly took a dive and gave him goosebumps. At his third step, the monster had already heard him and was now moving towards him. He had no choice left so he used his fifth step to boost himself to run as fast as he could.

The trees were fairly big but it was smashed by the monster that ran after him. A bit of him was relieved since he managed to escape but the thought of its mother chasing him as well ran at the back of his mind. She was bigger by a few meters but luckily, the number of trees were pretty dense so it wasn’t able to fly. If it was, then he would be finished.

Ggeururug!

The monster had followed him at the moment Jaehwang stepped on the ground.

“Heok!”

Thinking that the distance was short, Jaehwang stretched his limbs like a net and let its hard beak crash into him but right in the last second, he grabbed the monster’s throat and went for its chest.

-That’s dangerous!

Then Jaehwang looked before him and saw a red light in the shape of a small cat over the monster’s eye.

Kyaya

Ggurug!

The monster instantly yelled and Jaehwang immediately escaped.

-Thanks!

-Run!

Ggururug! Totob!

It tried to strike him with its closed beak but he was able to avoid it with his special energy skill. It then got tangled in the spiderweb of trees and Jaehwang used that opportunity to head into a hiding place without a second thought.

“Heokheok...”

Ggurug! Ggurug!

The monsters started to fight with each other and got tangled as well. It brought him enough time so Jaehwang took a deep breath and used his transcribed willpower to activate his [Tiger Hunter] skill.

[Skill Failed]

-Ugh!

-It’s okay, calm down and try again next time.

-It’s too late!

He could only focus for so long and yet he failed to activate his senses. That was like a game mechanic but it was also an important special skill. He already had a variety of skills that were great and similar to a common game.

For the skill to activate her would have to consume the energy at the right time and after doing that once, his attack would slowly rise. People would call that life’s cooldown time but Jaehwang would estimate that his tiger hunter senses cooldown was about 20-25 seconds long.

However, a Gagseog’s skills were completely different from any normal game. In a game, all he needed to do was assign a button for his skills and he would be able to use it but in reality, he would need to focus and concentrate.

Like his current situation, he had failed to concentrate because his life was on the line. After a few moments full of pressure, his skill had recovered from its cooldown and he was able to reactivate it successfully. He then looked 50 meters towards the giant tree and he could now see the top of tall buildings from where he was standing.

The Alousu 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 30: The Alousu 2




Jaehwang went back to the tree after the baby monsters had recovered. He wished that he could just stay inside of it and hide away forever.

Luckily, Jaehwang’s and the baby monster’s goal was the same. He was relieved that it stopped chasing him but then a big shadow covered his surroundings.

Kwakwakwag!

The mother came over after she saw her children and placed Jaehwang in a desperate situation. However, Jaehwang did not budge as he waited for the bird’s next move. It hovered above him and he couldn’t risk revealing his position. But then, the monster flew down on the ground and tried to catch him.

Peopeog...

Jaehwang slipped through a gap small enough for the monster’s beak and big enough for him to pass through. He found a place to hide and was able to get out of its sights. He caught another monster’s eye and fear crawled on his back once again.

-You’re usually good at this.

-...I know but, things are a bit out of hand...

Even the spirit couldn’t give an exact answer about what was happening above. The monster that covered them was a vicious giant snake. It was common to see that kind of snake in the mountains, especially during springtime. They both had the same shape and color but the snake that he saw was over two meters thick and was so long that he couldn’t even find its tail.

Ggruggeog...

He was relieved that the Alousu seemed to be safer compared Dakousu and he was content that he survived his current situation even though he belonged to the lowest rank.

-That’s an unregistered monster.

Swiiig!

The mother dropped something from midair and the baby monsters caught and swallowed it with their mouths. The monster then dove towards the head of the giant snake and let the surviving babies scatter.

Kwakwag!

A gigantic force rang from the sky and shook the ground as they began to fight.

Kwag! Kwagkwag!!!

The bird seemed to have an advantage over the snake. The snake could only stay on the ground and the bird had more options when attacking since it could fly. It flew and attacked the snake’s head with its talons. The weight of the wind coming from the mother’s wings could rival a storm, however, the overwhelming difference in weight made it useless.

The bird’s bites had left a few marks on its body and to further assert its dominance, the mother shrunk down and sprang from the ground. It picked up the snake and resumed its attacks midair.

Kwakwakwag!

Ggreug!!!

The bird roared after it dropped the snake on the ground. It rushed down to finish off its enemy but the snake tried to defend itself by biting back. It was able to save its life and was left bleeding due to the damage that it sustained.

The monsters were fighting for their lives. That should buy Jaehwang enough time to get away but instead, he stood on his ground watched the fight with a straight face.

Kukeug...

They continued to fight around the old tree and left it to look like a stalk of sorghum. He wasn’t sure on who would win as there were continuous turnovers but it didn’t stay that way for long after the snake made its assault.

Deurururu...

The bird picked up the snake by its head and the snake’s neck scales flung open like a fan. The snake had started to scream the mother continued to pull out its head. The monster took the form of a frilled lizard and it looked like it could throw something in its mouth. This was the same snake that tried to bite and grazed Jaehwang’s forearm, injecting its venom into him.

-There’s poison in you.

He started to get goosebumps. Out of all the species in the world, you only have one or two weapons to choose from if you wanted to take out snakes. Most of the snake-type monsters were fairly known for their poisons that would slowly spread into one’s body before making its attack. It would be doable if a team had the right tools but an unknown and unregistered snake like that was something that they all should avoid as much as possible.

The snake bit the monster a few times and it fell into the ground. It didn’t have to wait long for the poison to spread and that was how the fight came to an end. The snake glanced over to the monster that fell and then looked over towards the direction where the babies had escaped.

Swiiig...

The snake moved to search for the babies scattered around the area. The snake was moving slowly but it picked up its pace when it saw Jaehwang.

It then passed by and disappeared without a sound. Jaehwang then fell to the ground to where the monster was.

He couldn’t tell if the bird had been injected and was killed by nerve or paralysis poisoning. He couldn’t even imagine how many monsters could have been poisoned like this. But, now he knows that there was one.

-It feels like something went wrong. Doesn’t it feel like Michelin Choi’s eavesdropping expression?

-Who’s Michelin Choi?

-A guy I met in a bar... He’s an ace...

-Oh...

He actually did have confidence. It wasn’t just simply arrogance in the prison of time and space. He also thought of a perfect plan to hunt the monsters. He asked himself why there was nothing to prey on in this place beside its monsters.

-First, let’s leave.

-Okay, I approve.

He invested in quite a few valuable things just to prepare but his first experience turned out to be so intense. He decided to go back to their world to establish a new plan.

-It’s here

-Yes...

Not much time had passed by before the snake came back. The snake went towards the monster that fell on the ground and swallowed it whole. It then went back to the tree without leaving anything behind, bringing back the forest’s quiet atmosphere.

Jaehwang turned on his tiger hunter chart and carefully left the area. He figured that that was the best choice since his [Tiger Hunter] skill still needed a boost. He also had to figure out the different effects of the hiding system as well as his special ranked skills.

He made sure not to make any unnecessary noise as he went to find the wormhole. It felt like as if it was a kilometer away but when he ran, it turned out to be just three hundred meters away. He got closer to the cave and took a breath of relief that he was able to make it while maintaining the duration of his skill. He then heard the spirit’s voice.

-Double six...

-Huh?

He looked into the cave and then realized what the spirit meant.

Ggeururug?

There was a giant scary head sticking out of the cave. It looked left and right before going back into it. It looked a little cute at first glance but...

For the first time in a long while, Jaehwang and the spirit agreed on something.

-You’re gonna die!

The spirited yelled but Jaehwang didn’t agree on what she said.

-It’s a third tier monster. How many monsters do you think are there?

He didn’t know how many could have been in there. There could have been a ton of them there but he couldn’t be sure. The worst thing could be if they all have gone in there.

-What are we going to do?

-I don’t know... I guess we would find a different place to stay the night while we figure things out.

He was surprised and couldn’t think straight but he did not want to disappoint her. His father had also used to say, ‘Transcend fear through courage and find the chance to endure it... find the chance to break out the fear that shakes your body.’

-This place is similar to the normal world so if we went up a little then we should find a safe spot.

-I don’t want to. I don’t want to. I don’t think it’s safe.

Said the spirit.

-There’s no way that there could be anything worse than this. Don’t be so ridiculous.

-Fine. I hope you’re right...

However, something worse than that began to happen.

***

Jaehwang found a neighborhood after a few hours.

“Found it!”

He found someone that had a dark green armor covering his entire body. He yelled into his hands and gathered the people in the neighborhood. It turned out that all of them were dressed the same.

“Hm. I didn’t know there was a place like this in the wormhole.”

The one that spoke seemed to be their leader. He looked over towards the cave and shook his head before he spoke.

“Wormhole check complete... We’ve found what we were looking for. We will prepare more and come back to search this place. There could maybe even be a different wormhole around.”

“Hey!”

Said the guy in green armor. The others answered all at once as they scattered around. He took off his helmet after he walked away from the tunnel and revealed his complexion. He had short hair and looked to be in his early thirties. He then went over and asked the person crouching down in front of the cave a question.

“Leader, are we going to use the ants?”

The leader gave a nod and replied.

“Yes, carry out every menu order.”

“Yes, sir!”

He responded by taking out an about 40-centimeter big black machine out of his backpack and placed it in front of his leader. It looked like tofu. He opened the lid and pressed the switch. Six feet stuck out of its mouth and the body came thereafter.

The guy also handed him a screen and a keypad from the backpack. He typed on the keypad a few times and the 6 legs had started to run. He controlled the machine and moved it front and back and left to right.

“There’s an ant inspection progression of -08 ants. We have to insert them in.”

“Get as many as you can. This will help us find the monsters since this is it was our first time finding a wormhole here.”

“Got it.”

He shook his head and took the machine before going into the cave. Later, the ants started to stick to the infrared camera rays that shone throughout the cave.

“wormhole check complete... the cave here was naturally formed. It has collected soil samples for an hour... And then wait for an hour... And it continues to progress.”

The ants were slowly being controlled but it made steady progress as it continued to collect more samples.

The leader shouted.

“Stop! Change it to the thermal burn camera!”

“Yes, sir!”

He quickly changed the machine’s camera as ordered by the leader. He set up and watched the scale of the camera’s heat temperature meter until it detects something. The only downside was that it had to restart before the switch could be made. Nevertheless, the camera could record at any angle but the thermal camera could find things that were even hiding.

“That...”

“It found a monster... There’s not much information on it.”

There was something quite big inside the cave. It had cracks everywhere and you could see the lack of attention just by looking at the walls. They discovered a monster and one of the guys then took off his helmet and showed his stern expression. He looked to be in his early fifties with his face full of scars.

The Alousu 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 31: The Alousu 3




“Keep watching it.”

“Yes, sir.”

He asked him to watch the machine before he took the phone out of his pocket. He answered the call and heard someone else’s voice.

-Call this number! You’re the leader of the 312 special search party.

“I’m search party leader Park Hyeol.”

-Yes. Mr. Park, finish up with the checking.”

“Okay...”

-Stay where you guys are. Was it able to connect?

“Yes.”

-Wait a minute.

He heard the boss’ voice through the phone.

-Mr. Park, have you found the wormhole?

“Yes. About five minutes ago we succeeded in finding a tunnel-shaped wormhole and the ant is now currently investigating it.

-Really? Were there any monsters?

“It’s still investigating but it has estimated a third or fourth tier monster. The cave is very small so the analysis shouldn’t take long.

“Hm...”

The leader gave a long thought after he heard what he said. The search party’s original mission was to destroy everything they could find in the wormhole. They were supposed to dismantle the wormhole and continue their search but they took the time to measure the monster’s level of difficulty since that too was important for the mission.

However, they have discovered a third or fourth tier monster.

They might need to avoid them if possible. If they couldn’t continue their investigation because of that then the best choice would be to destroy it so he gave the decision to help.

“Investigating complete! The analysis said that there was an 89% chance that there was a monster!”

-What?

He talked on to the boss on the phone as he looked at the screen in surprise. He looked back as if something amazing had happened but his expression was then overturned by fear when the screen added a few more details about the monster.

“It’s a fifth tier monster!”

It was a monster that even a raid squad couldn’t defeat. Only a group of a high ranked hunters or a mid-ranked military group would be able to stand up to it.

He then heard the boss’ voice again.

-When you find the wormhole in mountain village 0421, destroy it. Stop the search and the ant machine analysis.

-You won’t be punished, aren’t you guys scared of blowing up?

They talked about a way to block the wormhole. One talked about using special concrete over the entrance of the wormhole and the second suggested to destroy it as the boss ordered.

-Isn’t investigating the place taking too long? Just get on with destroying it!

“Yes, sir.”

Mr. Park answered back. If they had found a fifth tier monster then there could possibly be a seventh tier monster in it as well and that would be enough of a reason to destroy the wormhole. Of course, now that they have an idea of what could be in there, they still didn’t know exactly what to expect.

“Mr. Jeon! Stop the search and evacuate. I’ll alert everyone. We have to proceed with the destruction!”

Jaehwang was concerned when he heard about it since he had to go back to the other side through the hole exit.

***

Two years later

Teutuk... Teuteuteuk...

“...Looks like its spring. Is it raining too?”

The voice of a man came from the corner and echoed through the quietness of the mountain country.

“Could you hand me a little?”

The sound of a girl with a bright voice answered back.

“No, It looks like you could leave.”

Papag...

Something had hit the ground and a man emerged from the black hole that it created.

They fell and rolled on the ground. He stood thereafter and looked around. He wasn’t wearing anything but he had defined muscles.

“Darn it... I’m covered in dirt.”

There was a girl standing next to him. Unlike the guy, the girl wasn’t covered in dirt and she was wearing a white dress that showed off her porcelain colored legs.

“Next time that you’d drill through the cave, I’ll make sure it that it wouldn’t collapse.”

“Okay. Good work.”

Jaehwang then sighed as he fell on his back and lied down.

Dirt and leaves covered his naked body but he didn’t care. He was finally able to see the familiar trees, grass, the scent and the clear sky that the drizzled its sunshine from above.

“I’m back.”

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he started to think about what happened before. Two years ago there were three baby monsters hiding inside the cave. All the difficulties went away and after the three monsters were taken care of. They went back to the cave only to see that it was destroyed. He was not sure on who did it but instead of being angry, he felt at ease.

After the other party discovered the monster, they had tried to see if anything went into the mountain country. It was overlooked but the situation still had gotten worse. Nothing had come out of the dimension gap but the wormhole wasn’t destroyed. It just let out a weak explosion that triggered the collapse of the rocks that surrounds it.

The spirit was able to find the location of the wormhole. The distance of the collapsed cave was 40 meters from the surface. One would consider it to be small but the gap was filled with layers of solid granite. It took them about two years to break through.

Of course, he didn’t just spend two years of his life breaking rocks. He lived a very frail life in that place. He had no choice but to face death to start his life by leveling up.

The tier of that snake was not what he thought at all. He was lucky to find a place on the southern side of the hole where third and fourth tier monsters had thrived. He was able to start his training thanks to that.

But it didn’t mean that they had a smooth ride from that point on. A squad would be formed just to be able to hunt for a monster and that was made for the sake of safety and efficiency. Jaehwang had nothing besides the spirit by his side.

His misfortunes had come one after another. His lineage was famous during their prime but hundreds of years went by and it was all gone. He was about to give up that time but with the spirit’s support, he was able to push forward.

Jaehwang started with one monster. He couldn’t use just one arrow, he had to use hundreds of them to finish it He didn’t prepare enough arrows so it became even harder.

That was the reason why Jaehwang’s skills had reached their highest limit for a tiger hunter. Although combining two more skills was still a challenge for him, he had inherited his skills from all the masters and he was able to complete his raids.

And today, he’s back to drill through the hardships of the real world. He looked around with tears in his eyes as he walked towards the cabin. His tiger hunting skill had reached a point where it was almost automatic and now, it kicked in but then after a few silent steps, it finally went away.

“Thank goodness, it’s working well.”

Click...

He unlocked the giant lock on the front gate of the cabin and all his sweet memories came back to him as soon as he went inside. He was back but it has been such a long time. It took him two years and he now became an adult while he lived in the Alousu.

“The TV’s here! It wasn’t here before!”

The spirit yelled about the TV being in the room as soon as they opened the door. Jaehwang just smiled as he greeted his ancestors before he went to the back of the cabin. He opened the power distribution board to switch on the fuse box before he walked back inside.

“Ah...We’re finally back.”

The spirit shouted in an excited voice. It was her only joy left in the cabin after that one night where a monster broke into the hideout and broke their tablet. It broke her heart because that was also something she enjoyed.

She had suffered from the TV drama withdrawal because of that, he thought about lending her his phone but she said that the screen was too small. Jaehwang had no choice but to suffer through her complaints every single day.

She had finally calmed down after they’ve come back to the cabin. Everything was still intact when he checked everywhere including the basement. He then went into the biggest room in the middle of the cabin. He passed by the main room as he headed into the closet where a musty smell filled the air. He just pulled out a cover, turned on the TV and let the spirit use his arm as a pillow.

“Season three is so sad... It’s hard to watch...”

He wasn’t able to relax until he found himself sitting beside the spirit as they continued to watch.

“...Hey...”

“What is it?”

The spirit answered without turning away from the TV.

“I’m going to go sleep for a little.”

“Okay.”

The spirit would be his guard whenever he went to sleep in the Alousu. She saved his life countless times because and because of that, he’s used to her saying that before she went to sleep. He lied down without a thought and then the last status window appeared.

Status Window:

Name: Jeon Jaehwang. Rank C, Level 10/8, 127,587/800,000exp.

Strength: 2

Speed: 8

Physical Strength: 7

Sense: 10

Conscious: 7

Newly learned skills: 2.5

Mana: 430/430

Mama Recovery Rate: 11

-Archery Skills (Real)

Effects

Speed: 2

Sense: 2

??

Silent Chasing (Real)

Effects

Physical Strength: 2

Mana Recovery Rate: 2

??

Skills in Possession:

Unique Skill

Tiger Hunter skill: Rank 10, 0%

Magic: Rank 5, 77%

Inherited Archery skills: Rank 5, 77%

Unique Arrow

Explosive Arrow

Guided Arrow

Enhanced Arrow

Real Skills:

Energy- Rank 8, 12%

Consciousness- Rank 5, 89%t

Special Skills:

–

Common Skills:

Cooking- Rank 6, 98%

Quick resurrection- Rank 9, 11%

It was a long and hard two years in the Alousu. Suddenly thinking about life on that side reminded him of a trotting horse lamp. Hiding, hiding, escaping, attacking and then hiding again. That’s how he lived.

“Hwue...”

He took a deep breath and ignored his sharp senses before he closed his eyes to fall asleep. He was finally back home.

The Alousu 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 32: Going to University 1




-There are so many people here.

-Yeah.

The spirit bursted with admiration when the bus arrived at the Dongdaegu terminal. The polluted air had disappeared and was replaced by towering buildings that were pointed towards the blue sky.

But her admiration towards the people went away as soon as she got to look from the other side of the bus. She saw another bus that had an ice cream cake design on it. She just tried ice cream not too long ago and she already wanted to eat all of it from out of the store.

-You should definitely go take that test. The monster is dead but you don’t know when you’ll need something like that.

Said the spirit inside his heart.

-Okay then.

He sighed and turned on his new phone.

Getting through the hunter license application test online was the easiest way but the tests were harder. This was not an issue in the past when there were a great lack of hunters. One could apply if he/she had enough battle skills but now, they had to hit every metric just to get their license.

-It’s not even easy for a hunter.

He checked the contents on the hunter test on the internet with his phone one more time.

The test is about three chapters long. Chapter one included writing, chapter two included physical strength and chapter three included a face-to-face meeting.

Each page had a different subject, Hunter regulations, Raid common sense and common ethics. 300 or 250 points were needed to complete each subject.

The second paper was for physical strength, the magic system was documented to number five, two for physical strength and then there’s a ‘skills in possession category’ that gets three people to demonstrate their skills and grade them.

And one of the last steps was where they would get five people to be judged in a character evaluation test. But, they put three unexpected things in front of them. Lastly, there would be a face-to-face meeting which would be very nerve wracking and difficult.

-You think that your going to fail even with your high rank? You’ve become stronger.

Said the spirit.

-I have gotten stronger and I hope it’s enough but...

What the spirit said wasn’t wrong. He’s a Gagseog and he just came out after spending two years in Alousu. He was able to level up and he got a lot stronger. He’s a lot stronger compared to the Jaehwang who went hunting with the Stardust clan over two years ago.

The problem was that Jaehwang’s writing skills were extremely weak.

He would freeze and stall during test when he was in middle school. Traditionally, elite sports would be his focus but the Korean Sports Industry had a malady. With the relationship with the law, even if you’re a talented sports student then there’s a certain standard that you have to meet to get into a university. But realistically, the school level was still considered to be in an incomplete state.

A beneficiary representative of that consideration was Jaehwang. It was just one month until the test and even after the written test, Jaehwang had to go register into the hunter university in Daegu.

“Mr. Jeon Jaehwang... You have one month to apply for the written test. One month for dormitory... How about your meals? There’s a contract for the cafeteria but separate food expenses can add up to $60 dollars so I’ll issue you a meal ticket.”

The female employee at the desk spoke to him in a formal voice.

“I’ll let you know about the meals so you could decide.”

“Okay. But... Do you have any personally owned vehicles?”

“Yes.”

“And all that together adds up to $780 dollars. The lodging area is on the seventh floor... the lodging is owned separately...”

The female employee explained everything and Jaehwang looked around. He already saw what it was like on the internet, but some changes were visible and everything now looked high class and fancy. It was not big but it looked more decorative than a boarding school. The atmosphere felt like an apartment building, especially with shops on the ground floor.

“Ah... And the skill practice cannot be applied for so you won’t need a separate fill in. But looking at test sections and systems, they looked small. How small would you like them to be?”

“I’ll apply for the hybrid.”

She looked a little surprised at Jaehwang’s answer. He looked at him again before quickly turning her attention back to the papers.

“This is the first time in a while that someone has applied for the hybrid. What system would you like?”

“Healer.”

She looked surprised again at his answer.

-Why is she acting like this?

-Because the hybrid hunter license magic system and physical strength system are originally a test that’s taken together. Besides, everyone envies the abilities of a healer...

Hybrid magic and physical strength are both skills that were very impressive.

People would soon lose their interest hunters anyway...

Healers were once considered a royalty in the world of hunters. That skill as not required to become a hunter but it helped a lot of people since long ago. They had belonged to a small margin of talented people thus, they would treat a healer with great value even before they would get their hunter’s license.

For example, the Star Dust Clan would do their raids and they didn’t even have a healer. That’s how rare they were.

Most of the high ranked members of the clan would form a team so that they could go on missions and reduce the number of injuries or casualties. If there came a chance that one got hurt, they would immediately call for a healer.

“The writing is done. Is there anything else you need?”

“No thank you, this would do.”

“Great. Can you wait here for a second? I’ll go get your personal guide.”

Jaehwang took off his backpack and noticed that the employee started to talk to him in a much nicer tone. She had a soulless look on her but now, she bore that nice and sincere expression.

-A healer is that big of a deal?

-Yeah. Other skills aren’t as useful in battles. But a healer’s skill has a guarantee.

-But soon you’ll register with a bow and arrow!

-What bow and arrow? Bow and arrow... There’s no reason for something like that.

He chatted with the spirit until a male employee showed up. He sat in the chair, the female employee followed and started to talk with Jaehwang.

“Let me introduce myself”

Jaehwang soon realized his ulterior motive for helping him enter the school. With the help of another female employee, she bought the existing assignment to a better room. They placed them on the bed and Jaehwang was at a loss of words of how much there was.

“The guiding is now finished. Do you want a document?”

“No thank you. I still...”

He did the application online in the cabin but he didn’t know about the document application.

“The document application is for our university. If we could get your picture then that would help us with the documents. Be sure to show your entire face in the picture for your ID.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang shook his head with the hat covering his hair and face.

He hesitated and then asked her a question.

“If you’re not busy, can I take the picture today? But let’s do it on the other side of the studio...”

“Okay.”

He then went on his way to the studio with the female employee. She stood close to his side and Jaehwang then gave her a blank stare before asking her a question.

“I know this place well so I’ll make sure that your photo would come out good, okay?”

“Oh.. Sure.”

She said to him in an excessive nice tone so just he smiled back and shook his head.

Dding...

They walked into the studio and met a guy sitting at a computer who got up from his seat and greeted Jaehwang.

“Welcome. Oh? Soogmi, you’ve come too?”

“Yeah.”

They seemed to have known each other well by their greeting.

“This hunter is completing his documents and he needs an ID.”

“Ah, is that so? Right this way, I’ll help you.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang followed him into a costume room.

“Put on this jacket and let’s take off that hat... hmm. Your hair is quite long. I’ll take care of your hair as soon as possible and everything would be good to go. Or else your features won’t stand out.”

Jaehwang took off the hood of his jacket just as he suggested.

“This picture would be on your hunter license so I’ll do my best to make it come out as great as possible. Let’s take away the ornaments... You should be the only focus.”

He offered Jaehwang some lotion and he then took off his hat and swept his hand through his hair. The guy then unknowingly stopped what he was doing and watched. Jaehwang looked into the mirror to fix his hair and noticed that the guy was staring at him.

“What?”

“N-nothing.”

He was speechless as he looked at Jaehwang’s face. Jaehwang put the lotion beside him and got ready for his photo. He looked at Jaehwang’s shabby long sleeve shirt and the other clothes he was wearing and went into the other room to look for something.

“Try this on. And this too!”

“You’re not going to just take the picture?”

Jaehwang didn’t care for better clothes and refused but he insisted.

“Wait. Your style seems great but it needs some work. This would help you stand out in the photo. But that shouldn’t be too hard since your parents already did such a good job.”

“Uh. Yea.”

Jaehwang just went along with the photographer’s sudden drive of energy and put each of the clothing on. He then ended up in five layers of clothes and didn’t look too happy about how his final look turned out. He came out of the dressing room and walked into the middle of the costume room to take the picture.

He walked back into the room and the female employee who sat there reading a magazine was left speechless. She took her phone out and started taking pictures of Jaehwang’s face as if she lost her mind. Jaehwang then gave her an angry look.

“What is there to be afraid of?”

“Ugh!”

Jaehwang raised his voice a little higher. The female employee came back to her senses and immediately apologized.

“S-sorry. I don’t know what has gotten into me...but... Can I... Have a picture?”

She was about to cry like she was already denied of that permission. Jaehwang then smiled and laughed it off, allowing her to take a picture. She then checked the pictures one by one and thanked Jaehwang. She gave him a blank stare once again.

“Okay...”

“Thank you.”

He was annoyed and couldn’t believe what was happening. He refused to take any more pictures and the girl then thanked him and left.

The useless long photo process was then over so he placed back his normal clothes and pulled the hat over his face once again.

The female employee beside him then looked at him and spoke in a sad voice.

“Why are you wearing your hat like that...”

He didn’t answer her and just walked out of the studio alone. He was then feeling extremely tired at the end of the day and went to his room to sleep. That night, he asked the spirit a question while he was lying down.

Going to University 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 33: Going to University 2




-But why do you always take the hard road instead of the easy one?

-What do you mean?

-When that guy offered you help on the hunters test. You never contacted him. The clan seemed to be really good with that...

-Oh. That...

The spirit referred to that time when he met The Star Dust Clan. He made it very clear that Jaehwang could call him if he needed help with the test and obviously if he had called him, then he would be feeling less tensed right now.

He could feel that Jaehwang was a debauzer. It’s not that they couldn’t take the test, it was just different and...

-I have to relax but that person got into it. Even if I’m sorry, I don’t think I could get into the clan.

There were more reasons behind that but the biggest reason was, the clan was actually the organization that supported Jaehwang until his first year of high school. That sense of belonging made him feel prideful but they rejected him after the incident.

-I’ll get my hunter license and work alone when I finish.

-Really? When you did the inspection that time, didn’t you find it too hard for a hunter to hunt alone?

Jaehwang and the spirit shared the same view. When she had decided on something, then he could sense it too and he understands she was right most of the time.

-Right. But do I have the requirements? The most basic thing that I need was to have a third rank hunter license so I guess it could be difficult... When you get a third rank hunter license then skills aren’t an important thing.

-Really? Is a third rank monster that strong? Even stronger than you?

In those two years, she had watched him develop his skills as she tried her best to help him. That was the reason why she couldn’t understand what he was saying.

-No, it’s not just about knowing the tier of the monster that you hunt, it’s more than that. Besides, even if I could give my skills to someone else, they would be useless.

This was the time where the world had a great interest in the prospects of archery. Jaehwang had planned to become a hunter after he had received his attention but that was the same reason he was hiding his face as much as possible.

-So how are you going to attend by yourself?

Jaehwang then answered her question.

-I’ll need a specific reason but by being the only healer, it could be possible that I would be alone through everything. Even though healers aren’t guaranteed to hunt monsters, there were a lot of places that they could fit in so I think they would not get easily accepted into this organization.

He didn’t need a reason. He wanted to get the characteristics of a second place hunter but he had to get his hybrid license first.

-Hm. Okay. I understand.

He finished talking with the spirit and closed his eyes. His sleeping spot had changed so it was not easy for him to fall asleep. He thought about how he suddenly left school and went up to the mountains. He thought about how he had no real problems to solve at that time.

He remembered when he locked himself in the cabin and accepted the time when he almost died. But with the help of his ancestors, he was able to gain strength. He thought about how much he actually didn’t know about the world. After spending two years in the Alousu, he felt that everything had changed so much and he couldn’t fall asleep at all.

Jaehwang sighed as he looked at the textbooks stacked in front of him. It was the first hour of class and It had been a while since he had sat at a desk. He watched the teacher explain but the dagger he was holding made it hard to concentrate onto half of what he was saying.

“You can’t fail in the hunter test. The writing part with interaction consist of things you will need in real life. In the hunter general law starting from page 52 to page 83, you’ll memorize everything. And that’s about it! Any questions or concerns?...”

Someone said something and showed a paper inscribed with black writing. The problem was that Jaehwang was apart from everything. He just sat in patience since he didn’t remember what he studied. During the teacher’s class of Jaehwang’s school year, test time was taken away and it was almost just a quiet sleeping hour. That was the time when he focused on archery but things were different now.

Besides, he’s not living alone anymore.

-Why do those people keep looking at you? It’s annoying...

-Keep it down a little.

He couldn’t concentrate with the spirit talking in his head.

He knew the obvious reason why those people kept staring at him. It was because of the female employee from the day before... He had never experienced something like this before but he was beyond frustrated. He gave her permission to take a photo but she uploaded his picture onto her SNS account.

The bigger problem was that she and some of her friend employees were competing for the attention of their newly registered student. The next day when he went to the university, everyone knew what his face looked like.

-Look at this.

He glanced at his right and saw three people looking at him.

-It looks like they don’t like you.

All the girls were into Jaehwang and there were three males that glared at him with envy.

-I know. But I wish that they could please stop...

-Yeah...

The spirit’s voice became quiet as Jaehwang’s class complained.

“Hey... When are we going to take the test?”

The instructor that stood at the teacher’s podium sorted the textbooks before he answered.

“Today is just the first lecture but that’s okay, you guys can still practice and relax.

It was fine but they didn’t know what kind of questions would be on the test. There won’t be more than ten questions but they may not be prepared for any of them. Evidently, the hunter writing test should be the top priority. Getting a good score on essay like that was very important. Even if it was easy to adapt to, it would still be hard.

-The first group of the question seemed like they’re going to write about the army hunter organization’s established legal system...

A savior then randomly appeared out of nowhere.

-Do you know about this?

Jaehwang asked to the spirit. He then heard someone talking.

-Did you read it?

-You have to read it.

She told him that he needed to read it but he didn’t understand that he would have to memorize it all.

-You have to read it and then remember it.

-...

After spending two year in the Alousu he had forgot about how a lot of things worked in the real world.

-I have to remember everything?

-Yes. Everything related to the army hunter organization. To make it easier, in the ministry of defense, the hunter action committee were ranked low. The action committee then formed together and managed. Remember everything starting from the Korean hunter secretariat...

The spirit simply answered and explained everything so Jaehwang could start memorizing everything quickly. She then sullenly explained the answer to the first question.

-What about just cheating?

-Then I’ll get a ten percent snack cost increase, ice cream, and other delicious food.

-... Next question please.

She had the answers but she wanted something out of it.

***

The next day the university’s grades were posted on the bulletin board. The students went over to see how they did on the test from the day before and all of them couldn’t hide their surprised reaction when they saw who was at the top.

“Three hundred is the maximum and this person got 280?”

“It says ‘Jeon Jaehwang... I’ve never seen that name before...”

“That’s a newly enrolled student...”

“He’s really handsome! He has great hair and an amazing face and I heard that he enrolled to be a healer...

“You’ve seen his face before?”

“That’s enough.”

They talked about his face yesterday and today, it was about his score. There were two female students talking about him. All the female students were interested to know him and gave their attention to him. All the other guys were left green with jealousy.

“Hm...He’s been tired since this morning.”

“Something happened, seems like he’s been receiving bad treatment...”

“Yeah, he’s in a bad mood and he’s smoking outside in the back of the university.”

Those three guys have clearly been envious of Jaehwang since yesterday. They’ve been at the bulletin board babbling since this morning and they couldn’t hear any other name being talked about except Jaehwang’s

Those three guys were the best in terms of the physical strength system so they’ve experienced how it was to be popular but now, they felt like they had been forgotten and replaced.

“Huh? Hey, it’s that guy.”

One of the three guys spotted Jaehwang so he alerted his two other friends. It looked like he came from a morning workout with sweat dripping from his forehead since he wore workout clothing as he walked up the stairs.

His face was covered by his shiny hair and he was careful not to get to close to anyone. He was a typical outsider, he didn’t say a word throughout the entire day. No one could tell if was just shy or arrogant.

“Hey...”

The guy standing in the front pointed his chin and the guy next to him replied with a nod. It looked as if they were communicating telepathically. He was a healer so the thought that he lacked physical strength but he’s still strong.

They both slightly lowered their heads and waited for the right moment to cross Jaehwang’s path as he walked down the stairs. The guy standing in the middle reached out his shoulder and bumped into him. They were trying to start a fight... However, Jaehwang simply avoided it and continued to walk as if nothing happened.

The guy who bumped him watched as he disappeared into the crowd of students.

“Ugh...”

His friend then walked up to him and they started a playful fight. He was also a guy that belonged in the physical strength system and just like every other system, they were divided by classes and levels.

“Hey!”

The guy yelled at the back of the stairs. Jaehwang turned his head towards him while he continued to walk up as if he did care.

“You clearly almost caused an accident and you don’t even apologize?”

“Ah Sorry...”

Jaehwang said after raising his hand. The guy standing in the front then yelled in reply.

“Ha... Sorry? Is this guy stupid?”

He nitpicked at Jaehwang’s lack of sincerity. He raised his voice and walked closer to him.

“Someone clearly got hurt but you can’t even apologize properly? That’s it?”

“...”

Jaehwang just looked at him and shut his mouth. He clearly didn’t like it when he grabbed Jaehwang’s collar and started to shout.

“Are you stupid? Aren’t gonna say anything?”

Tututuk...

He roared at him but he couldn’t see if face. Jaehwang stayed still as if he couldn’t move but then, he started to fight back. His worn-out workout clothes couldn’t take the strength and threads had started to come loose.

The rip then became bigger.

“Ah.. This is my only workout outfit...”

Jaehwang’s small sentence had a cold tone in it but they couldn’t sense it. That was their mistake.

“Huh? Idiot... Follow me!”

He tried to grab him again but this time Jaehwang slightly moved his hand away. He began to walk down the stairs and took the lead.

“Hey! Where do you think your going?”

“Follow me. Hurry up. I’m busy.”

Going to University 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 34: Going to University 3




Jaehwang walked down the stairs and the three guys froze in their place before they followed him. They’ve taken the Gagseog procedure that had reborn them into God-like humans but they couldn’t understand what just happened.

Ordinary people couldn’t even imagine getting stronger through their system and even they couldn’t get their skill at a cheap price. Their parents were hunters, after all, the procedure would not even be possible without money.

They went outside to resolve the fight that they started.

“Why isn’t your friend here yet?”

“H-he’s coming soon.”

Jaehwang moved along the dirty walls at the back of university. It was filled with cigarette butts and stained with dark smoke and these was the place where the two guys knelt before him.

He grabbed a stick off of a tree that was about 1.4 meters away from his right and faced it towards them.

“...What are you doing...”

“Does it bother you?”

“N-No...”

He continued to joke around and struck one bully on his shoulder. This was the place where they would usually come to smoke. It was also the place that they used to settle their fights but they didn’t know that Jahwang had a plan for them.

Jaehwang just joked around and didn’t mean to beat them up with a stick. He just picked it up to block when one of them threw the first punch. The other one then swung his harm from the opposite side and accidentally cracked his elbows when he dodged his attack,

The struggle with Jaehwang was useless and because of his Gagseog abilities, all they could do was try. They weren’t able to sense the hint that he could put up a fight with his clever movements from the halls alone.

One could feel a burning sensation in his elbow and arm as he walked by. Jaehwang kicked the other one to the ground and he fell howling in pain. They soon had recovered so they got on their knees and begged for forgiveness. Jaehwang then asked one of them a question.

“Why have you guys been acting like jerks since this morning?”

They hesitated but then one of them started to talk as Jaehwang gave them a blank stare. These were the three guys that the spirit warned him about yesterday.

“So you guys were just jealous?”

“Yes. Were sorry.”

“...”

He listened to all the details of the story and sighed. It was a long time ago but he has experienced something like this before. It was back in middle school, he had to fight many guys of the same kind.

But the guys kneeling before him were adults and so was he.

Wasting time and energy doing this was embarrassing. The type of fighting he used was something like a stick mixed with martial arts. He didn’t want to use the stick but he decided this was a good situation to use it. He was able to overpower them and he just used a stick instead of a straight-up beating. He just aimed for their joints and if he did use his strength, he might have left their elbows dislocated. He did not intend to hurt them anyway.

He had prepared as much as 20 bowstrings when he spent his two years in Alousu. It eventually ran out so he had to take a monster’s tendon, wash it out with water, dry it in the sun and twist them with his hand so that he could use it as a bowstring. Those things were relatively fragile so he had to do it over and over again and since then, he had almost forgotten how to hold back in terms of fighting people.

He never knew the true worth of his energy skills until he leveled it up. Jaehwang was also lucky enough to learn the writing of divination.

However, the martial arts that he used should not be taken lightly. Although it helped him over power those bullies, he felt guilty towards his ancestors.

“You seem to be older than me, you should say something.”

“?”

Jaehwang started using honorifics and they looked at him with a confused expression.

“This may sound a little stupid but could we maybe just get past this and forget it?”

Eudeuk...deuk

“Eoueoug!”

Jaehwang moved their elbow and shoulder joints back into place before he used his resurrection skill to heal their damaged ligaments. That was not just something that Gagseogs could naturally do. Their hurt arms were restored as if nothing happened and they realized how lucky they were that day.

“Got it? You’ll stay quiet about it, right?”

“Yes, of course...”

They shook their heads in agreement as Jaehwang gets up and leave.

The two of them were able to realize his true talents. They shook hands with him in agreement and thanked him. He didn’t enroll just to learn how to be a healer. He was a Gagseog before he was a healer and before he became a Gagseog, he was a real martial artist.

However, after settling everything, Jaehwang still left there with a torn workout outfit. He then took it to a friend who was more than willing to get it fixed.

“Hey! Your that cool guy from earlier! Look, it’s that guy!”

The other guy that stood beside the one calling him had his arms crossed and wore an unpleasant look on his face. He then started to talk with an angry tone.

“Were you the one who hurt my brother?”

He untied his arms and made a fist with both of his hands before he walked towards Jaehwang

“Our brother is a hunter you know and today is your unlucky day.”

Jaehwang sighed and stood up to his feet. He wanted to just let it go but it looked like that hunter wouldn’t give up without a fight. The hunters here seemed to solve their problems with stupidity. The law was far and the fist was close. It would be hard for them to clearly understand the law, these guys didn’t care for anything as long as they would get their way.

“Did you buy some thread and needle?”

“I bought some.”

The person that Jaehwang went to ask for help from seemed to know the person he fought with.

“That can’t be, he never said it was an unofficial hunter.”

Maybe he was starting to like Jaehwang a little more than before.

***

“Good luck on your test!”

“Thanks!”

Jaehwang had been nice to him ever since he came into this place. The female employee had helped him for a month and even gave him a red ginseng extract as she wished him good luck on the day of the test. He held the same item in his hand as he waited at the minibus stop to get to the university.

He got on the bus and saw a few people boarding it. They greeted him with a smile on their faces before they continued to bury their heads in their notebooks. There was a fight two days ago and he hasn’t seen the three guys since then. It seemed like they’ve been avoiding Jaehwang after everything that happened.

Jaehwang sat in the very back of the bus. He looked out the window and thought back on his past month in the university. He couldn’t think if he had made any friends. He couldn’t fit into any of the groups and he was an outsider by choice since he felt awkward around the female students. Especially because all of the girls were always distracted and they kept staring at his face.

As he told to those three idiots, he just wanted to be left alone and to quietly finish his term. His intentions were to be ignored but after a while, they started to listen and gave him some space and since then, he was able to be left alone.

-I want to go there.

-Oh, okay.

He was already occupied enough with the spirit in his head. He thought that maybe because of her, he was becoming less of an outsider.

The bus then came to a stop and everyone began to get off. Everyone got off in pairs and walked ahead. However, Jaehwang was the last to get off as he looked at the giant building ahead of him.

‘Korean Hunter Secretariat Daegu District’

Each station in the city were giant buildings. This place was one of the most popular locations since it had the famous Daegu District dimension gate. However, that influence in this neighborhood had many other places like hunter related things, shopping centers, and the adult entertainment industry that crowded this place.

Jaehwang froze in his place as he looked at the giant Hunter Secretariat building before he walked in. After about ten minutes, he took the writing test for his hunter license and an old building appeared on a hung up signboard.

There was still time left for the test when he walked out of the building and there were still students gathering and chatting outside of the exam room. Jaehwang walked into the building and gave the supervisor his ID and files. Jaehwang then went out to sit after he got them checked.

He sat on a bench and took off his backpack. He looked for his exam summary notes and suddenly felt something strange. He looked beside him and saw the spirit’s child-like face. She was eating chocolate balls one by one as she stared back at him.

Despite them being in a place with so many normal people, she was just sitting there naturally and eating chocolate.

“You haven’t been caught?”

She just laughed a little and continued to eat the chocolate.

“You’re leveling up with me to help gain a little of your strength back. It’s not good for you to be in this place like this.”

“So how am I supposed to come out to eat chocolate?”

“...”

Jaehwang started to look annoyed and the spirit cleared her throat and handed him a piece of chocolate.

He realized that he might need the spirit’s help on the test. He then opened up his summary notebook to review what he had practiced. The hunter test could just be a written test but the biggest problem was the Hunter test specializing in law.

The common questions were easy but most of the useful knowledge was memorized by a face-to-face study.

He read some of the contents in his notebook and what he studied came back to him. He walked into the entrance and later he found himself standing in the exam room’s parking lot where he was spotted by a security guard. He then was escorted someone into the exam hall.

“Wow... Who is that person?”

“Isn’t that someone from the Blue Sky clan?”

He heard people talking outside.

They passed by Jaehwang as they went into the exam room. The guy walking in the front gave him an annoyed look.

“He looks strong.”

“He does.”

The spirit said in agreement to Jaehwang as she ate her chocolate. The person looked strong and his bodyguard had Mana weapons. His entire body looked muscular, he must be a part of the physical strength hunter class.

If one had him as a bodyguard then he/she would never have a problem. He seemed to be apart of the Blue Sky clan and he looked like he was the manager. He seemed to dislike the attention that he got from everyone.

“What are you looking at, loser?”

The spirit looked one more time and then went back to eating her chocolate. Jaehwang then smiled and answered him.

“Whatever.”

Going to University 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 35: Number One 1




The test results were announced the next day. The university was then filled with mingled joy and sorrow.

“Ah... It fell again.”

“It’s okay. You could do better next month...”

The students had each other’s backs. They were the type of friends who would skip class or have fun at night and of course, they were the type who would console the others who failed the test.

The ratio of succeeding students was 50% and the number of succeeding applicants was unable to be seen. The numbers of those who failed were greater than those who did. Their surroundings were filled with a lot of disappointed faces with a few smiling faces wandering around.

And Jaehwang? Well, of course, he passed. He didn’t memorize everything but he did great on the test with the help from the spirit. He didn’t get help from the spirit on every subject, she just helped him with one subject and he did the remaining ones on his own. He didn’t know everything too well except for those who were considered as common knowledge. He was not smart so he crammed everything into his head for the past month and mastered it.

“Congratulations to those of you who have passed. Tomorrow is the physical fitness test and skill practice so be sure to rest up.”

The instructor came in and explained the upcoming schedule before leaving. Everyone then talked to each other and discussed how hard the test was.

However, Jaehwang did not spend his time there and instead, he went into his room to deal with the burden of his fight. The university’s cost was originally lowered down after the first month but when the director saw Jaehwang’s progress, he started to give him freebies. He didn’t care much so went to spend the night in a motel close to the Korean Hunter Secretariat of Daegu.

He didn’t move just to try and avoid people, he needed to find a place where he could sleep. He needs himself to be in the best condition to pass the physical test and skill practice. He won’t be able to get a good night’s rest since the people who didn’t pass were sure to party till dawn.

He woke up the next day at daybreak. Jaehwang did some light stretching and put on a custom-made vest that weighed up to two hundred kilograms. He ran until he was drenched with sweat, it was the kind of workout he was looking for.

He went back to the motel and dried himself off after running for ten kilometers. He then ate a big breakfast and changed into a newly washed training clothes after he took a shower. He felt refreshed and went back to the hunter secretariat branch office.

There were still people there that showed up before him even though he came early. They all wore training clothes that looked clean and new. A few of the guys had an ideal muscular build and they all stood at the path of the dawn wind, inviting the female students’ subtle glare.

Jaehwang went over to sit on the bench. He wore a plain white colored training outfit and no one noticed him until the class began.

“That...”

Someone walked over towards him and spoke. He looked back and saw a tall person looking down at him. She was wearing a worn out training suit just like Jaehwang and she looked to be in her early thirties.

“You don’t know me but, is it okay if I sit here?”

“Sure.”

Jaehwang approved of her request and she sat down next to him and started to talk.

“I had to wreck my brain out so I could pass that writing test, I’m really worried about what would happen in the physical fitness test and the skill practice.”

“Ah. Me too.”

He didn’t give her that much attention since he was bored but she continued to talk even though he only gave her his disinterested replies.

“Those who had a lot of money specialized their practice in the physical training center and they would also get healthier with the help of some professionals. Sigh... I just came here to learn basic martial arts, I do my workout in the local health center but I don’t know if those people could come along. You seem worried too.”

Maybe the clothes that Jaehwang wore made him look less fit than he actually was. He had no money to spare since the life of a hunter was already full of challenges and despite that, his limits were nonexistent.

“Yea.”

Jaehwang wasn’t someone who really cared about money so he wasn’t concerned about what people thought.

A guy with a muscular figure stood in front of the other students as they continued to talk to each other. He was wearing professional training clothes. He was the guy who’s in charge of the health center in the neighborhood and he mentioned that they were about to train through a systematic balance to get muscles.

“I’m so jealous.”

“He is really cool.”

Jaehwang said as he shook his head. He wasn’t wrong, he did look really cool.

But Jaehwang wasn’t really jealous of his muscles. Of course getting fit like that was not an easy task, it just that it wasn’t his goal. Their goals were so simple. The status window then appeared and he turned the switch to the lowest setting.

He reinforced the strength of his muscles in the status window. His pure strength, speed, and endurance were all still in training. Jaehwang’s build was just right for his style of fighting and with that, his body build does not concern him. The shirt he was wearing was a just a little loose since he was naturally skinny.

That was the reason why the person that sat beside him couldn’t tell that he was quite strong. Jaehwang exactly knew the extent of his abilities and that’s why he was confident that he was much stronger than others. His muscles were compact and dense despite his medium build. No one would be able to compete against him in an actual fight.

There was another thing that the spirit said about Jaehwang’s abilities. While being a Gagseog, he was also distributed and remade by his ancestors. All of the strength from his ancestors that had piled up for the past few hundred years were given to him by the spirit. With that strength, Jaehwang was incomparable with anything or anyone else.

Jaehwang was deep into his thoughts and the person next to him continued to talk before she eventually left the bench. An hour passed by and the other applicants arrived in their cars. There were about fifty of them that showed up.

-Jaehwang, who is that looking at you?

The spirit asked after she noticed that one of the applicants looked at him. He could feel that someone was clearly staring at him as well.

It was an attractive man about 180 centimeters tall. He was wearing an expensive training outfit and looked to be in his early twenties. There were other people there with great muscles but his body looked like a beautifully defined drawing. The girls over his side kept looking as they talked to each other.

-He doesn’t look evil, he just looks kind of annoyed. Maybe you did something to make him angry?

-Oh please...

What the spirit said was not just a joke, Jaehwang could already see that he was angry. He started at him but he then averted his gaze when Jaehwang looked over.

-Do you know that person?

-Sali Song...

-Who’s Sali Song?

***

“Darn...”

He was the current youngest in the Blue Sky clan. Every time he looked back at him he turned away. Jaehwang was trying to ignore it but he just couldn’t. He wasn’t sure about his intentions.

‘He’s a hybrid applicant just like me... He was also first on the writing test...’

The top score for the hunter license writing test wasn’t announced to others as the principal orders but a score of 280 won him the second place so he was curious about who took the first spot. He was known as the university’s number one and that’s how all this started.

His pride was hurt was for the first time. He knew that he was a top hunter in the clan and he was also there for a hybrid license so Jaehwang wanted to know more about him.

“You can never lose to someone like that.”

Sage was the most important thing for the hunter license exam. The day was set for the physical fitness test and skill practice so it was great to see that everyone was ready as they wore their training outfits. They all understood what was going to happen thus, no one wore any shabby clothing.

“He’s here today.”

The fact that he was also there for his hybrid license increased the tension in his surroundings. Today was something he waited and trained for, there was a chance that he would stand above everyone else and get his certificate but he couldn’t deny that the competition would be tough.

“The writing test may be finished but there’s always more left to do.”

Time had passed by and they finished the attendance check before they started the physical strength practice training. They all had received their numbers and Jaehwang was number 11.

“Gather around everyone .”

Jaehwang stuck the number on his chest and walked towards the crowd that gathered in front of the podium. The instructor stood in front of the podium and raised her voice. Her big stomach was outlined by her black training outfit. Everyone could find fault at her florid and indecent way of talking but they could all see that she was a hunter loyal to their country.

She was enthusiastic during her talk and the applicants before her just gave her back a blank stare. She then stepped down from the podium after her speech and issued the participants to start with a ten-kilometer run as the first part of the practice.

“Everyone in the physical strength system, please gather over here.”

The physical strength and magic system participants would have a different experience during the test. Jaehwang who was going for his hybrid license was not so bad at the physical system as a Gagseog.

“You will be carrying a weight of up to one hundred kilograms. Unless you’re putting on a different one, never take off your vest. If you do then you would be eliminated.”

Jaehwang listened to her instructions as he closely examined the issued vest. The one that he usually uses had the same shape and weight except what he got was quite old. He tied the buckle around himself and fastened it as tight as possible. However, it would still dangle on his body every time he tried to move.

He watched as others put on their vests but the size seemed to fit them just fine except for the ones that were handed to the guys. It looked like as if they intended this to happen for the first part of their test.

Number One 1, The End.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 36: Number One 2




Swooug...

He placed some pressure on the old weighted vest and after that, he finally had better control over its buckles. The clothes still didn’t fit but they had completely stopped dangling around.

“Hmm...”

It was not a problem for him. Although what he wore was not his best choice, a ten-kilometer run while carrying a hundred kilograms would not be so hard.

“Did I make a mistake?”

He knew everything that he needed to know for the physical fitness test and practiced every day but he didn’t know that the vest would be his problem.

He’s the only one who had a hard time. He tried to complain but everyone had the same so he couldn’t really do anything about it. He thought that if he had undergone with the same training as them, he would have the same build and he wouldn’t have this kind of problem.

“This isn’t working.”

He adjusted the buckle as tight as he could and started running. He was irritated, he clenched his mouth to the point that his gums would bleed if he didn’t have teeth.

“This current sports field had a wheel of five hundred meters. That’s twenty wheels. Be careful when you’re running and get past any unavoidable scuffling. If you can’t run then you’ll be eliminated, we’ll keep a close watch so we could decide who should or shouldn’t pass. I hope that no one would get hurt so be careful.”

He finished his speech and the others who looked more fit laughed as they glared at Jaehwang’s skinny body. He wasn’t clueless about what they were laughing about, in fact, he had a plan.

It was a simple test nonetheless and anyone could ask how such a feat was possible but this was much worse than what he heard in the past. Despite that, he wanted to beat them all.

-Why are these people treating you like this?

The spirit gave off an annoyed tone as she noticed their behavior.

-I don’t know, I was also wondering why.

He asked himself was it because he wore shabby clothes? Was it because his body type was different from theirs? He didn’t know the reason, but of course he didn’t care and he didn’t want to know.

Jaehwang just said that he didn’t know to the spirit’s question. Was it because he was wearing shabby clothes? If not, then was it because he didn’t have muscles like them? He didn’t know the reason, but of course, he didn’t care and didn’t want to know. He just hoped that they would stop.

He didn’t notice that he made a mistake. That was the reason they had something to laugh about. They had put pressure on him and he just ignored it, the situation was about to get worse but then he heard the instructor’s voice.

“Ready! Set... Go!”

Tang!

Everyone started to fling themselves forward at the moment that the gun was shot. They all prepared for the test and they all ran with their full strength, what’s different was that they also had a smile on their faces.

“Ouch!”

Someone tripped over after the surprising gunshot and of course, that person was Jaehwang.

“Darn it!”

He wanted to have a good start but he just fell in the ranks. He had a smaller build compared to others and with a training suit older than what they had, he would never be able to catch up.

“I can’t lose!”

He jumped back and ran as fast as he could to take the lead once more. Nothing was able to block him as he raised his focus and avoided every other attempt that was made to sabotage him. The gap narrowed down as soon as he took the lead.

He kept his legs going with the thought of winning on his mind. He was supposed to support himself with his abilities but he wanted to take the lead even before using it.

Papapapag!

He dashed and took the lead. He didn’t care about following the way of the sage.

‘Huh?... What is he doing?...’

Everyone saw that he failed to control his breathing. He was fast but his two arms weren’t even moving. His kept his hands onto the weighted vest and his feet were marching towards the finish line.

He tried to slow himself down by adjusting his breathing but at the moment where he saw them laugh behind his back, he stopped focusing on his breathing and concentrated on working his legs.

‘Not today!’

The laughs had made him move so much faster but there was still a long way to go. He knew that he did something unexpected and their smiles were nothing to be concerned of.

One lap...two laps...three laps... He’s getting closer to the end of his ten-kilometer run and he was even surprised by his own speed as she started to slow down.

‘Leave me alone!’

He clenched his teeth as he felt the others sneering at him. He controlled his speed and continued to finish his run. This whole contest was one of his illusions. Jaehwang stood at the second place in the hybrid license ranking so he wanted to get the first spot and maintain that lead. He didn’t know how good things went but he did consider his speed.

An hour passed by before all applicants had reached the finish lines. The others that had rested on the ground looked unhappy and the instructor himself caught his breath as he tried to get their final scores.

There were no losers and everyone was said to have done a great job. But the others lying on the ground felt disappointed with their performance in the physical strength assignment. The other had taken a break but Jaehwang remained in his place. His heart was beating fast and he had to focus and control it.

“I see a lot sitting on the ground! You all could see your instructor taking a rest but that doesn’t mean that you should as well. If everyone doesn’t get up right now, they will all be eliminated!”

The instructor yelled and commanded them to stand. He looked like he was looking at monsters that he’s going to hunt. Jaehwang shrugged and took off his vest before he started stretching.

He just smiled and didn’t think of anything. He didn’t want to anger those who failed the first assignment. He asked himself why hasn’t it ended yet. It felt like there was going to be a test at the end of the day and if no one exerted some effort then they would get eliminated.

He didn’t rest. He held onto his shaking legs and took a deep breath. He failed to control his breathing on the first half so he’s more exhausted than he should be. It didn’t look like it but he knew himself that he failed the first test. He couldn’t help but clench his fist in exhaustion. Someone gave him an angry look at the back of his head but they ten all turned around and just walked away.

He didn’t like to be recognized and he only wanted to run faster than him. He studied the skill and that’s why he was able to win, he asked himself on how could they hate him.

‘I had to.’

Winning was the only thing on his mind. He wasn’t very persistent about but he was recognized and he felt that it would only get worse. The others had noticed how faster he was compared to them.

‘It had to be done.’

Tension filled the air around him. The instructor sat on a chair and she gave them all a mean smile.

She announced the second activity and it was a maze. It wasn’t a usual one since the gimmick was they had to find a person inside. The walls were one meter high and the paths were narrow and straight. It was kind of easy. She said that ten people would come in at the same time for this activity. The first ten people to finish were the first batch to enter since they had the most rest and of course, Jaehwang won’t be able to show his talents this time.

Because of the work that he displayed at the first part, he was the one they had to find inside the maze. They didn’t even think of escaping when they came to fight him. Jaehwang was one step ahead so he left the maze and went out to enjoy the sun to relax as they ate a chocolate ball. He didn’t have to worry about his elimination. With that, he skipped the third and fourth activity without a worry on his record until he reached the last activity.

The name of the activity was ‘Avoid the trap’ and the rules were simple. There’s an area filled with special items and the applicants are ordered to take something as quick as possible. It was impossible to get injured by the traps but he had to avoid them when he tries to get inside.

“Darn, am I getting weaker?”

The employee in charge of managing the last game’s special items just came by and the head instructor spits on the floor as soon as he saw the instructions. It was different from the other games, the traps could now possibly attack the applicants and he needed them to go inside a particular space.

He warned them that they could get hurt since his career had to remain spotless. The head director wanted to just ignore what he said but he didn’t want to cause harm to the Daegu station hunter system either.

A few hours passed and the head director warned the applicants before they went into the trap.

“I’m sorry. I have to make a living as well...”

He then operated the count panel and increased the level of difficulty. The level of difficulty for speed was on 2.5 but he increased it to 3. Knowing that with every existing variable and their enlightened skills, it should have been no problem...

The level was then turned up to five, their highest standard. The applicant’s abilities were at its lowest and all their luck ran out. The instructor jus stood there hoping that no one would get hurt.

“Number 11 finished!”

It was something that no one could have guessed.

Someone who they thought would get eliminated was able to escape and finish first. He was fast, it was like he went in and walked straight all the way through.

“How is this possible?”

The instructor quickly checked the counter panel. The level of difficulty was clearly raised. It should have been almost impossible for the applicants but this managed to pass through. He could have never guessed this at the beginning and he even came out without any wounds at all. He didn’t understand how it was possible.

He was flustered. He tried to check and see if he made a mistake in the setup but then another applicant came out through the exit and he got frustrated and felt as if he was tearing apart on the inside.

Number One 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 37: Awarded Applicant Student 1




The first trap had knives sticking out of the walls and there were delayed electric saw blades coming out of the floor. They had to lower their heads and jump at the same time or roll forward to avoid it.

It would be too dangerous if some were to screw up so the slowed down the knives and and the saw were covered by a thick layer of cloth. The greatest damage that they could get were just a scratch but the applicants got nervous when they ramped up the speed of the traps. There was a chance that the saw would get them every time they would lower their heads.

That became their fatal mistake. The contents of the physical strength test were widely spread so that’s what they practiced for. They thought that it was something where they could just close their eyes and pass but the real thing was three times more than what they practiced.

“Argh!”

The instructor ran in and yelled as soon as they heard an awful scream.

“Stop the test! Stop the test! Healer! We need a healer!!!”

The electric saw carved into the participant’s chest and spilled his blood everywhere. They called in a healer and one immediately ran into the scene.

The healer then looked at the wound in the applicant and knitted his brows. The electric knife stab in his chest was almost standard.

“Recovery!”

The healer placed his hands over the wound and started to use his recovery skill. He closed off the wound but the clutter of blood left on the floor worried the instructors and made the step back. They knew that if the healing took too long, it would have been too late.

“Should we call 911?”

“Ah. Yes.”

They didn’t hesitate calling 911.

“Where’s the employee that bought the trap?!!”

One of the instructors yelled. The employee in charge of the count panel on the second floors made his escape, everything turned to be a disaster.

“What are we going to do!?”

“The equipment... It looks like there was an error.”

They used an excuse to defend themselves..

“Gosh... Let’s just go with that!”

The constructor had a confused look on his face, an applicant almost died they would most likely be complaints. At worst they would just get discharged buf if he really did die, even the instructors could be fired. Their status alone couldn’t save them unless they were a part of a clan.

“You’re fired! Go away!”

“...O-Okay....”

The employee suddenly lost his job. He screwed up and he tried to explain it to his supervisor but he still got the worst case scenario delivered to him.

“Keug! Keuouog!”

With the healer’s help, the wound was closed but he then the applicant started to cough up some blood.

“Wh...what’s going on!”

“He’s internally bleeding! Heal him from the inside!”

“Healing can’t be done inside the body!”

The healer panicked and answered the instructor.

“The wound was closed. The problem is that the electric blade’s cut was too deep. The healing skill worked but, it’s now coming out of his mouth”

“This is a disaster...”

The supervisor got frustrated and looked around for another solution. The blood rushed out like water from a hose, it was too much to bear until one of the applicants came into the scene.

“Step aside.”

“What is it!”

The healer shouted at the applicant that tried to push him aside.

“I am a healer, too.”

The participant tried to reach him out but the leader blocked him with his hand.

“Normal healing skills won’t work! After it’s healed then the wound will just later come back again! You would have to be a specialist for it to work...”

He was right. There would be no risk if a specialist were to do it since they had a lot of surgical knowledge on top of that. This healer obviously didn’t have that kind of knowledge.

“What is your name?”

Asked the supervisor.

“Jeon Jaehwang.”

The supervisor’s face had turned to stone at the moment he heard his voice. He saw in the documents that he was one of the only two hybrid license applicants that he had ever seen. He was also the applicant that got the highest grades in the activities for that day. It was a decision that involved a lot of risks but they didn’t have a choice.

“Alright. I’ll give you a chance.”

Jaehwang gave him a nod before he stretched his arm. Everyone was nervous when Jaehwang’s hand started to restore the wound on both sides.

“What’s going on?!”

It proved quite difficult to heal. The wound was then again torn open and the supervisor tried to get his hands onto him. However, the healer understood what he was doing and stopped the supervisor in his tracks.

“Stop, please!”

“He’s making it worse!!”

“If I’m correct then I know exactly how he would fix it.”

“What do you mean?”

“Watch closely.”

The supervisor covered his mouth and watched the process in confusion.

“Huh?”

The patient’s chest was ripped open but he stopped coughing blood and looked more at ease. It looked unusual but when Jaehwang hovered his hands over the wound, it started to heal slowly.

It wasn’t long before Jaehwang completely healed the wound like nothing happened.

“I didn’t know you had a high ranked resurrection skill?”

The healer shook his head as he started to see why he was ahead of all other applicants. He made a mistake and Jaehwang came to fix it. The healer thought that maybe he had some kind of medical knowledge but he only healed it with his senses.

It had to be an illusion.

-But there’s a lot of blood on the inside.

-There was nothing I could do.

The spirit inside of him helped.

“I’ve finished healing him but there’s still a lot of blood on the inside. He’ll have to get a medical procedure tomorrow.”

“Ah... Thank you.”

The instructor thanked him in a polite tone since the participant’s life was saved and the instructor didn’t have to lose his job. The authorities then came and brought him to the nearest hospital. It felt like a long hour had passed by but the ambulance came and left within just twenty minutes.

“Huh... The ambulance is gone?”

The head instructor went and asked to the instructor as if an accident never even happened.

“Ah, yes sir, everything’s been solved”

There were ten people who passed the hunter test but only five of those people would be selected. The hunter test was made to measure one’s ability, they had taken some precaution but their current instructor was an ordinary person and didn’t have much experience. All she had was the skills and the level of influence second to the supervisor.

“That’s a relief. Now let’s resume the test. The error could be fixed and everything should be fine...”

The head instructor said and the other instructor the answered back.

“Sir.”

“Huh? What more is there to say?”

He then answered his question.

“The healing was a success, I do believe that number eleven’s skills proved his qualification”

It was a little early but they all saw his outstanding abilities and he fixed the situation based on the instructor’s judgement. A Gagseog would need to take a test before they could decide on something like this but he healed a critically injured person while everyone was panicking. No one could deny that he had a good control in his skills. Jaehwang thought that the supervisor would have nothing against the instructor’s opinion but he was different than he thought.

“I think that all future treatments should be done with just placing a finger on the wound to be qualified. Wouldn’t that be a good idea?”

“Huh?”

He then answered back simply.

“You didn’t hear what I said?”

“Uh... I heard it, I’m sorry”

He didn’t understand what the supervisor meant so he just went along with it. He did not want to start an argument with the one who had a higher status than him so he made a wide choice by agreeing to him.

“Ooh... But, that guy’s mana reserves was great, wasn’t it?”

The fact that it was a high ranked skill meant that it consumes a lot of mana. The effects were outstanding and delicate, that’s why everyone thought of it as a big deal. Especially for a wound like that, healing it would eat of lot of the caster’s mana.

With that out of the way, Jaehwang sat down on a nearby bench to get his energy back and fill his [Mana Consumption] skill. Even though he had a greater reserve against everyone, his special skills still eats up a whole lot more compared to the common ones.

“I hope that the applicants would be taking the last test!”

He heard the supervisor yell from afar.

-Your recovery is at fifty percent.

Jaehwang looked at the status window without a word. The recovered Mana was never anything besides one hundred percent. Of course, it was still higher like his skills compared to the others but with what just happened, he realized that there were a lot of things that he should consider. Thus, it was not high enough to calm him down especially because Jaehwang was a hybrid hunter applicant and he had to participate in the magic test as well.

-You ungrateful jerk! Do you not care that I helped you?!

The spirit yelled after she sensed that he as disappointed.

-That’s enough... I don’t want to start over.

Jaehwang got up and even though it was a little early, he got some of his energy back after he spent his time on the bench. His mana would recover naturally but its rate would be faster if he was even more relaxed.

-Are you scared?

-Not really...

He was feeling disappointed. He just couldn’t talk at that moment, he didn’t wish for it to happen but if he didn’t spend his mana then the other applicant wouldn’t be able to survive.

Awarded Applicant Student 1, The End.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 38: Awarded Applicant Student 2




The practical skill test had begun. Each skill that the Gagseog had would be judged by an instructor although they weren’t sure how would they evaluate their abilities. Unlike the previous parts of the exam, this segment didn’t draw a clear line from winning or losing but since they would assess three people at the same time, it wasn’t completely ruled out.

As they said, this practical skills test was there to simply to measure everyone’s battle strength. It wasn’t just to determine their battle proficiency, they would also measure their knowledge and how would they utilize their greatest skill to support others in the middle of a fight.

“The physicality system applicants would be the first to start. Please come forward when I call your name. The first field would have number three and five. The second would have number ten and twenty-four and the third field would be for eight and eleven!”

The instructor called their names through the mic and those who were called stepped forward. The instructor got confused when he saw Jaehwang took a step, he didn’t want someone to end the game too fast and make it look like it was too easy even though the mana he spent would come back naturally.

Jaehwang was a little nervous when he walked into the third round field. The other person looked to be about two meters taller. He was one of the applicants in the physical strength system and his muscles were like armor by itself. Even his vitality was unusual, his eyes just looked through Jaehwang with a calm demeanor.

“I will now explain the rules of this game. You will be fighting with each other. Although bladed weapons are banned, you may use your artifacts if you had one. We have taken the liberty to offer you a selection of weapons that you may use but if you wanted to use someone else’s weapon then you would have to check with your assigned instructor in advance. Finally, refrain from reinforcing your cutting skills and if someone fights in a way that would risk the other combatant’s life, they would be automatically eliminated.”

The instructor went to the giant weapon shed and came out carrying a huge war hammer, a shield, and a typical arm armament. He wondered about what kind of skills his opponent had. Jaehwang knew about his own physical prowess but he would fight a high ranked applicant in the physical strength system.

Jaehwang took out his black fighting stick. His opponent’s weapon was very similar to his; small, thin and looked like it could break with just one hit. Jaehwang took his weapon of choice and gave it at the instructor standing in the middle of the field. It looked like was made from a tree branch but he was surprised to find that it was quite heavy.

“It’s quite sturdy.”

“Yeah”

“It’s great.”

The instructor shook his head and gave back the stick to Jaehwang. He won’t forget that one small word.

“Your friend’s would be using a shield and two tanker skills.”

Jaehwang was a bit surprised that he hadn’t thought of that. The instructor then smiled and followed,

“That’s all I can tell you or else the game won’t be fair.”

Jaehwang gave him a slight nod. He couldn’t imagine how the fight would go but he appreciated the instructor’s thoughtfulness.

“Begin!”

The three sets of fighters began to fight. The first two fields were filled with violent clashing sounds of metal, however, the third field remained quiet.

Jaehwang slowly walked towards the giant covered with a shield. He was skinny and wore shabby clothing and the person that stood in front of him was towering and were packed with muscles. He wasn’t that much stronger than him but he still felt that he needed to be careful.

Jaehwang stood on his ground and kept a light grip with both of his hands. It wasn’t exactly a normal martial arts stick. There was usually something at the tip that he would use to hit the opponent with but he was just using his stick for the sole purpose of blocking.

‘What a reckless gaze...’

He thought to himself nervously. He started to analyze his opponent’s habits even before the fight had started but all he had found out that his eyes behaved like an inorganic matter.

‘Darn it...’

He didn’t know Jaehwang’s intention walking up to him but he started the fight with a huge assault.

“Hayaa!”

He roared and dashed in front of him. It wasn’t just a simple run, there were layers of white energy protecting his body and it felt like nothing could break it. Jaehwang did not move to defend himself and instead, he ran towards him and started to spin his stick.

He took a big step and hit him in his armor. He was pushed back and felt like all of his strength had disappeared. He tried to pull his shield away but his momentum was broken when Jaehwang stabbed him in his elbow.

He panicked and used his other hand to smash his head with a war hammer. It was then stopped when Jaehwang smacked his wrist before wounding it up again to continue his attacks.

Papapag!!! Papag!

Jaehwang spun his stick at a rapid speed and continued to hit him with relentless strikes.

Whoosh!

All he could do was yell. He tried to endure it as much as he could since he couldn’t really block his attacks anymore. He knew that he needed to fight back but he needed to be extremely careful of his enemy’s movements. He had a plan and he couldn’t waste it, he needed to set it up for a perfect moment for a counterattack so he started to shift his weight by changing the position of his foot.

But his plans were foiled. Jaehwang’s attacks were light at first but it then got stronger so he placed himself back into defensive to shield himself away from the pain as much as possible. The only problem he had was that he didn’t know that there was a spirit guiding Jaehwang with his actions.

He got fed up of getting hit over and over again so he tossed his shield away to try and fight back. Jahwang then took this as an opportunity to attack his open arms and head before he pushed through and continued to strike his sides and knees.

“St... Stop!”

The instructor shouted but Jaehwang just got faster.

Papapag! Papapag! Papapag!

He took a step back, he wound up and grabbed the bottom end of his stick so he could do a full powerful swing. It looked like a blow that could dent his skull but he stopped right before it hit.

He stopped his movements.and the time had passed by was about thirty minutes. Their fight started late compared to the others but it ended much faster.

“Number eleven is the winner!”

The instructor waved his hand towards Jaehwang.

“Whew...”

He took a deep breath and gave him a nod before he went back to his spot. The instructor wore a frightened look towards the aftermath of their fight. He felt worried at first even though he knew about both of their skills but he didn’t know that this would turn out to be brutal and extreme.

The moment that he called the fight and made it stop, the others turned their heads in surprise.

“Whoa...”

It was a perfect victory. It was like a fighting scene in a movie and everyone was in awe. Jaehwang then just went back to his spot and sat with his stick resting on his knee before he closed his eyes. People then started to walk up to him and ask questions but it was clearly not the right time to approach him.

-Were you angry?

-What was that?

-How did you learn how to fight like that?

-Do I not know you?

Jaehwang just smiled at the spirit’s unenthusiastic questions. Some might have taken him to be gentle and forgiving in this world but he wasn’t that type of a person.

-I just... I just did it as I wanted to.

Jaehwang answered with all honesty. The thing that he needed the most right now was not the energy that he spent. Stopping to avoid his movements took a lot more effort compared to continuing and pressing on with his attacks. The spirit then asked how he could sense him with the end of his stick.

-Was it refreshing?

-To an extent...yes

-I didn’t know you could do that... So many people were so surprised. After doing something amazing like that, then you should give the arrow a try again...

-My energy would come back later. That’s enough...

-Fine.

There were no other participants that made as much as an impact as he did. He used all of his strength to win. After a one hour lunch, the magic system applicant test then started.

“Number eleven.”

Jaehwang kept his eyes shut as he walked over to the instructor. He then opened it up as soon as he heard his voice once more.

“Number eleven, since you’re an aspiring healer and magic learner, your job would be to heal someone when they get hurt during the game.”

Jaehwang replied with a nod.

“Got it.”

“And...”

The instructor then looked as if he was about to say something else but he just shut his mouth and stopped talking all of a sudden. Jaehwang then gave him a doubtful look but the instructor just gave him a smile before saying,

“If anything goes wrong, please fix it right away.”

“...”

He didn’t know what he meant by that and the instructor didn’t hear Jaehwang’s answer before he walked away. Jaehwang just smiled and closed his eyes once again.

***

The instructor’s head supervisor was expected to be observing from the second floor. He went up the stairs, opened the window and held onto its handle. He then heard the voice of the head supervisor from out of the open.

“What is it, supervisor?”

He said with a nervous note but the head supervisor actually seemed more nervous as he spoke.

“If it’s not an inconvenience, can I talk to you later about something?”

“It is a big inconvenience, I’m very busy.”

The instructor insisted. He didn’t know what head supervisor had to say, it could be something important but he felt that he was too busy for it. The head supervisor had a hard job at the Daegu Branch office so he had to say what he had to say. If he cant’ solve this problem then he would live in regret for the rest of his life.

Awarded Applicant Student 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 39: GwanJae 1




“Supervisor, I know that you were worried about your job at that time and I hope that that doesn’t happen again. You should see applicant eleven, I don’t know why but he’s too strong. His eyes looked like he had seen and experienced death. His grades are far from everyone else, he even came first among the physical strength test applicants.”

“We had to lower the risks of accidents and that’s why we’re considering the lowest of options. We have our position to consider and we can’t let ourselves be put in a terrible situation. If we start another game then even I would have nothing to say to my superiors.”

His face turned blue in fright as he looked at the supervisor before raising his voice.

“Please check his evaluation score too, I’m sure you won’t find any faults in his grades or scores. I don’t care whoever you had to bribe, I wouldn’t just let a talented person pass by due to my personal greed. I might even complain this to the main bosses! Do you understand?”

He never had the guts to speak up during these past years but now, he kept his gaze at his supervisor as if he didn’t care about what could happen. He expected that his supervisor would turn red and threaten him but he just tilted his head. It was normal for him to behave that way but instead of being angry, he was shaking as if he was nervous.

After a brief moment of silence, he turned his back and spoke with an eerie tone.

“Hm... I didn’t know it was such a funny story.”

The tension grew further as fear had started to mix with the air between them. The supervisor then understood the problem they were facing. He turned around and he spoke with a calm serious voice.

“This is something that the boss might misunderstand...”

He heard him mention his boss and he returned his gaze as if he was looking at a pile of rotten meat. Both of them exchanged a look with cold eyes.

“It looks like I have nothing more to tell you.”

“...Oh...”

He went back to his chair until someone pushed the door and walked inside his office.

The supervisor greeted the two rivals that entered but he saw the other one first. He was wearing a cool modernized hanbok and he had a gray hair. His outfit was simple but he looked like a strong-minded person with energy overflowing through his body.

“Ahem...”

The moment that they got to look at his face, they can’t believe who just stood in from of their eyes. They met a living legend, a one hunter that belonged in the Republic of korea that some might even consider a myth.

The boss.

His dense energy had overtaken the atmosphere around the office. There were hundreds of hunters a long time ago but even if you would combine all of their capabilities, they would still not come close to what he could do. There were seven kinds of them, all of them were admired as they are feared.

He was called a legend and a God. He later then became the head supervisor of the Republic of Korea Hunter office and his name was Hwang JeongMin.

“How do we tell the boss...”

The supervisor’s mind went blank. It wasn’t long before he got it together, he realized that his reason for coming here was no longer important.

It felt like there was a launch button in front of him. He knew that that button would release a missile but then that normal missile was suddenly replaced by a nuclear bomb. The boss’s presence alone was scarier than its destructive blast.

‘What should I do...’

He wanted help to fix his current situation and the man that stood before him had the ability to do so. His gestures seemed that there might be a chance of replacement of low leveled employees in their company.

He held his breath before his spoke with his shaking voice.

“Follow me.”

“Yes!... Okay.”

He cheered up as soon as he heard him speak. The supervisor’s thoughts had stopped after that one world, he knew that he had to behave and follow him.

“Let’s go.”

“Yes!”

***

“What should I say... Where should I start to avoid making a mistake?”

He bent down and looked at the tile pattern on the floor as he thought of something that his supervisor had mentioned. He was issued at the position in the Daegu branch and he had been there for over twenty years. During that time, he improved his strength and got stronger.

He adequately begged, accommodated, trampled and bribe-offered to get to this point.

He remembered about what happened on the second-floor observatory. This matter could no longer be ignored since the VIP’s self-control was requested. He help that person accountable and and dropped him. That accident had resulted into a drastic change.

The Korean Republic Hunter Secretariat’s head senior and official boss had held onto many secrets. One had to be seen and achieve a high score to even be able to get a glimpse of it but the problem was they didn’t know that they should achieve.

There were seven types of hunters that were forgotten and they thought that they could handle them with ease. It was supposed to be perfect but he acted as if they had no control over him. He racked his brain until one of his employees came. They arrived here about four hours earlier and they were also the ones who hurried towards the noise coming from the accident.

They tried their best that all of that went to waste. A bigger problem even appeared, the company was failing and they were desperate for help.

“Do I have any responsibilities here?”

“Uh...Ah, yes! Huh... The hunter training department needs the head supervisor. We would appreciate it if he paid this messy place a visit. Our head supervisor Hwang JeongMin.”

“Hm... I didn’t know you knew this place so well. Good... Take the lead.”

“Me? Okay! Where should we start...”

“I want to see what’s downstairs. Why haven’t we done that?”

“No!”

There was no way that he could refuse his orders so he introduced him and commanded others without really thinking. The problem had then turned out worse.

“Uh... It’s not done yet!”

He hesitated about getting off of his chair. He walked over to the side as if he had no interest with the gathering to begin with. Everything was pretty much hidden before they revealed something to him.

“I can do it. This... However this situation goes...”

He staggered to the window and opened it. The moment that his boss turned his back, he began to talk whisper.

“Quietly step back. From now on, track down all the people you’ve contacted.”

“Jonmyeong!”

He bowed and at moment where he tried to get a glimpse of his boss, he suddenly disappeared like a mirage.

“I didn’t know when the trash got cleaned up.”

Those words felt cold as it brushed up his spine. With everything that he said, he figured out that the Yeongnam Station’s Hunter association would get themselves into a huge storm. However the old guy just looked towards Jonmyeong without the slightest care.

“Well then, should we go meet that fun guy?”

He sat on the corner of the stadium with a gloom look in his face.

-Someone’s coming towards you!

Jaehwang opened his eyes as soon as heard the spirit’s whisper. He could already sense that that person was powerful since he had that sensation before but the only difference was that he felt like he’s got some work to do.

Jaehwang and the old guy locked each other in their eyes. They hugged and that’s when he figured out that he was strong. His strength couldn’t be compared to the ones he had met before, his foot even had more strength compared to the combined power of everyone that he met.

-There aren’t many people like him in this world today.

The spirit said in a serious voice and even she was surprised. She did her best at helping Jaehwang for these past two years and she did improve her abilities.She had reached her limit and got back to her original strength once again. It took quite some time but she knew that she was now stronger compared to before, but that confidence was then shattered by presence of that old man.

It crossed through her mind. If this person turned out to be bad she wouldn’t be too sure if she could protect Jaehwang. Nevertheless, losing all of what she had recovered all this time would be worth it compared to prize and the person that they would get rid off.

-Don’t worry.

Jaehwang said to the spirit.

-I’ll protect you.

-...

The spirit didn’t say anything. The old man stood in place so he got up from his sit and bowed with respect. Jaehwang maintained his eye-contact until the old man spoke for the first time.

“What is your name?”

“My name is Jaehwang.”

“What a great name.”

If anyone saw this scene then they would think that it was just a typical talk between a grandpa and his young boy. The old man then left and brought him along to his companions that already stopped the practical skills test.

They were showing off their magic skills in combat until the timer had stopped. They were left standing around, not knowing of what they are supposed to do after that. The combatants just stared at each other but it wasn’t long before they started chatting without the slightest care in the world.

“I didn’t know using a stick weapon would be so fun.”

He then smiled.

GwanJae 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 40: GwanJae 2




“Are you that fun guy?”Jaehwang let out a slight smile and answered him while the others had their mouths open in surprise.

“Who was that in front of him making him smile?”

“That old guy’s name was pretty well known during the final of my middle school too.”

The others had continued to murmur. The boss would usually say that it was only a petty trick and worthless but would just say that it was all common sense.

He got scars on both of his fists suggesting the number of monsters that he picked a fight with. There were times that he would fight until his hands bled and he hid that fact when he was at the peak of his career. Of course, his damages weren’t the one to blame for his team’s death but during those lawless times, he was an angel of death to the world’s most harmful insects-like garbage.

A practice of martial arts like that would be considered fun and he asked Jaehwang about it.

“There is something I want to ask you.”

“What is it?”

Jaehwang held his tongue since the situation didn’t seem so good for him. He could feel the old man’s immense energy. It was enough to make everyone around him kneel but he won’t bow down. For that would sully his pride as their family’s last descendant.

He was the representative of his ancestors and that’s why he embraced it all. He would not show respect even he was to die a painful death.

“Wow... What an amazing kid.”

The energy surging out of him disappeared in an instant. He couldn’t just believe that he had experienced death and their small interaction got him even more curious.

“It was really impressive seeing you use that stick as a weapon.”

Jaehwang gave him a slight nod.

“I thought at first that you didn’t even know how to use a fighting stick. It even broke in the middle of the fight but when I continued to watch, I realized that I was wrong about you.”

He stopped talking and just looked at Jaehwang. He got embarrassed by what he asked of him. He knew of all the martial arts in the world and he had the confidence to ask about it, however, it was different if someone at this level would be the one to ask him.

“What’s the meaning of that emptiness you feel?”

The old man curiousness was then finally sated.

“I don’t think that I am obligated to answer you.”

Jaehwang replied with a serious tone as he asked himself if he was referring to the clan’s vision. It wasn’t much of a big deal even if the old man was taught in a different way. Jaehwang thought that if he couldn’t approach him, then he wouldn’t be able to see the full extent of his energy.

He responded with a bothered expression as he scratched his head. He then rested both of his hands on his hips and took a deep breath before saying,

“Is there anything that you want?”

“I don’t want anything.”

GwanJae made a face once again.

There had to be something he could use to help to talk to him but he couldn’t think of anything no matter how hard he tried.

His purpose was to persuade him but he didn’t think that this would happen. The entire nation had spread out in recent years and the reason that he came here as to find geniuses.

Including a student was not something that he opposed of. Things had started to heat up as the advanced invasion of the three elite military groups got fostered. The only problem was that for Jaehwang, his recruitment tactics don’t work.

“Wow, I didn’t know how worried you were.”

Even though his behavior was a little impolite, to him, Jaehwang’s behavior was masterful. When he was taught with martial arts, he knew that there was a high probability of him meeting someone stronger than him. That was why the omniscient save system had recognized him.

However, Gwanjae transferred skill was the least ranked special skill. So with that, he had to learn all kinds of things so he could improve.

“What are you training for?”

Gwanjae had given up on his thoughts and just asked a straight question. He couldn’t stand that his curiosity can’t be settled.

“I’ll keep that to myself.”

Jaehwang raised his voice. He didn’t speak so loud but it was the only sound in that space between them. He stood in front of him with a blank stare as he refused to accept Jaehwang’s answer.

“Hmm...”

He wasn’t worried before but he started to have second guesses with regards to the outcome of their talk. He wanted to know what he was trying to tell him but he was unable to make him talk.

‘I’m going to go crazy!’

It was impossible since he would just push honor off of the table. He wanted to stop but his curiosity won over him.

“I’ll offer you a suitable reward. Whatever you want.”

Jaehwang’s expression changed. He didn’t sense anything. He looked at the reactions around him but he had never seen someone play through the activities as well as him. This was the best offer that he could give.

“It doesn’t matter rather you win or lose, you are guaranteed to get your hybrid license.”

“Well... You could do that?”

“Yes.”

“Haha...”

All he needed was for Jaehwang to accept the offer. It was the type of license that couldn’t just be given to anyone, not even in their dreams. That’s why he was offering it to someone who was clearly worthy of it.

Jaehwang’s concern was that there was a chance that their plan or negotiation would be called off or interrupted. He wanted to at least check his words were true for an old man that came out of nowhere. The head supervisor was already fired from his position and Jaehwang hasn’t heard about that yet.

“Is there any catch to this? This one’s a real big opportunity”

“No, there’s no catch and everything will go on smoothly.”

“Hm... This is really...”

It was something that he wouldn’t want to miss out on even though he was still skeptical about it. He didn’t have anything that he desired or to be greedy about. He had given it careful thought, he would just deny any other offer but this was something that he couldn’t refuse.

“Okay. I’ll let you think about it.”

His curiosity then stopped.

“Okay.”

Jaehwang shook his head as he held his stick in his hands and after a moment, a hint of anger started to ooze out of Gwanjae’s face.

“Do you really think that you can’t show me the true innate state of the stick martial arts?”

“I can’t.”

Jae Hwang answered back and rather than being obsessed, he just seemed more bothered.

“Uh... If there is something very dangerous or serious about it then I’ll let you know, okay?”

He placed his fist into his chest to calm himself down after he gave him a bow. He wasn’t sick but seeing a skillful young man was enough to surprise him.

“You’re invincible.”

“It’s only my energy...”

He shook his head in response Jaehwang’s answer. He could see from the second-floor observatory that his movements during the fight took great strength. It had to have taken all the effort in the world for one to maintain his pace in battle.

“The amount of strength... your footwork was also outstanding. But do be careful, it could get violent out there.”

“I’ll keep that in mind.”

“Yes. You did a fine job...”

“Thank you for your consideration. Well then...”

Jaehwang did a light bow and that time, a hard clash rang on the ground.

Papag!

Jaehwang dashed towards him with a movement that would make a joke out of his earlier fight. He faced the old man and approached him like a beast out to hunt his prey. His feet weren’t shaking and he moved through without a sound.

Gwanjae opened up his palm towards him, Jaehwang then shook it while a loud noise in the background had pierced through.

Gwangjae raised his arm like a viper’s fang looking to sink its teeth onto something. Jaehwang then spun his stuck and their energy started to fly all over the place.

He managed to block his first attack but Jaehwang was able to follow up and strike him on his arm before he aimed for his legs. He felt confident now that he was able to defend himself, however, Jaehwag took a few steps back and launched a surprise attack. After he had gained enough distance, he took a swing at his stomach and ruthlessly kicked him three times.

“You’re even using a surprise attack?”

“Sorry.”

Jaehwang slightly bowed.

“I’m not even married yet, don’t get too cheeky.”

A surprise attack could cause an injury to an old man like him but he was just fine.

Even though martial arts were something that one could master with enough practice, there was still a lot to know. Especially to get to their level.

‘Ancient war strength martial arts.’

He explained more to GwanJae to help him understand. They used their improved weapons to improve their technique in an actual fight.

He woke up after the generation mash up and he still had the same age when it started. He was the best martial artist their country has ever had when it happened and he found himself a reason to retire into the deep valleys and high mountains. He distanced himself away from everybody thus, he learned more over time.

He became a natural Gagseog due to his continuous and desperate fights against the monsters for dozens of years. His weapon was his fist and with that, a new style of martial arts appeared as he faced them with all that he had. He was then satisfied.

People had then started to show up and ruthlessly trampled them. They resisted only to be brought to their knees and be taken down. Rather than fame, he created a bad name for himself so that, he could let his obsession run wild as he please.

‘I miss you. New ancient times martial arts.’

He had always depended on someone else, he had learned new techniques over the course of these past years but he still missed the ancient style of martial arts that he could no longer do. It wasn’t in their country, he only saw it being practiced in China. He thought that he could never see it again in Korea, he almost gave up until there came a place where he saw it.

‘Use your mana to increase your fighting abilities.’

With his current skills, he wouldn’t have that much profit in this business even if he was able to get his hybrid license. If there was one thing that he saw, it was that his energy didn’t feel the weight of the real martial arts energy. The tension between them had increased as his lips started to dry out.

“There’s one thing left. You have to be cautious.”

GwanJae 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 41: True Energy 1




Jaehwang nodded in response to the guy’s words. He pulled stick closer to him and charged forward but when he did, he just fell onto the floor.

The destructive energy that was packed inside the stick was strong so GwanJae chose to avoid it as much as possible. Getting hit by it would still be dangerous despite his strength.

“Haha... I didn’t know it was this powerful.”

He was shocked. He didn’t know that it had so much power and he even got more surprised when he tried to look at the mana that he poured into it. It was hard for him to achieve that level on control at some point in time but he was happy that it now became easier to test Jaehwang’s martial arts.

Papapah! Pagpag!

He was the man that would usually be sent to fight off monsters and his level was no joke. The old guy swung his fists. He was trying as hard as he could but his speed was still not enough for him to even land a hit. He then used all the strength in his body and rushed at Jaehwang with his fist.

Surely the seven types of Gagseogs were taught with some cruel attacks. Jeahwang’s stick collided with his fist and made a huge noise. The stick in his hand was perfect for blocking due to its firm elasticity but it got worn out after that hit.

“This was the martial art that I invented for fighting monsters. I defeated them all using simple strikes enhanced by mana consumption techniques.”

Instead of making a follow up, GwanJae explained the technique that he just did to him. However, Jaehwang didn’t answer and kept his focus on blocking.

“That...”

“It’s... Amazing.”

They caught the attention of everyone in the gymnasium. They stopped at what they were doing at the sight of this interesting fight. Some of them pondered why does someone who applied for a healer had this much skill in terms of fighting. Everyone’s excitement grew greater and greater as the hours went by. There were no signs of them stopping anytime soon.

‘This may have been a mistake.’

Jaehwang couldn’t think much through the battle and GwanJae started to think that his punching could now use some work.

‘avoiding and defense focus on the martial arts.’

He continued to block his attacks. He couldn’t get inside him but when his defense had started to crack, Jaehwang took the opportunity and aimed for the joints in his arm. He risked it even though there was no guarantee that his skill were greater than his.

‘Ha... This is great...’

He wasn’t sure of all the possibilities but after seeing his ancient martial arts, he realized that he had to fight him in a different way. He’s running low on mana but he he still thought that it would be enough. Mana was not the only weapon that a Gagseog possess, they were given another system that they could use.

“Look back.”

GwanJae felt disappointed he couldn’t conquer him with skills alone. He could actually feel the level of his unique skill but he still didn’t know that it was just an illusion made by the spirit. She helped him for two years and they had become more familiar with each other. Even though GwanJae’s strength could overpower him at any point of their battle, he kept his focus as if it were a straight line.

“It collapsed.”

-I estimate a subsequent attack! Avoid it!

He kept an eye on his movements and Jaehwang dodged his fist. He waited for a perfect moment at GwanJae’s opposite side and attacked him. He avoided his other incoming attacks with three small movements and that’s where he finished it.

-Be careful. He’s old... but his eyes still look suspicious.

-I know.

Jaehwang replied at the spirit.

“This can’t be.”

His teeth were left chattering and he could see an image on the side corner of the game filed. He wished that he could see himself from before, he didn’t realize that he stood in front of a legend just as he hoped for.

“Why... Why! That guy has no essence.”

He wasn’t even sure how he got his attention. He was able to receive the best Gagseog procedure, it would even cost around one hundred million to get the same type of treatment he did where they got to touch around his five type characteristic and skills. A normal hunter wouldn’t be spending this kind of money to join a raid and level up, they would just buy some Rodoe artifacts and develop their magic skills through it instead.

The limitless skills were expensive. Even if the skill was very significant, a usual rodoe skill could be used with a Gagseog skill. That puts it to be a highly efficient technique with a price not everyone could afford. Getting one of those artifacts would sometimes mean that they would have to ask their family to pay for it first.

With that, they would have to prepare their heart to step up on that game field. He was an absurd old guy. Beasts had ravaged the land but he never stopped training. When others had started to struggle with their fight and ended up falling for alcohol addiction, he directed himself to keep going and reached a higher place.

“That is my place...”

Jealousy burned in Jaehwang’s eyes as he felt inferior deep in his heart. Ever since he missed taking the top spot on both the writing and the physical strength test, he did his best to steadily rise up. That was the feeling that he didn’t knew until now, he felt like that beast that attacked him that night was reborn and he had to experience that same humiliating experience again. In the end, he could still sense something new.

“How could you do this?... How did you do this?...”

GwanJae felt a tingling feeling in his fist so he shook his hand and looked at his palm. He looked at the aftermath of what defended him from Jaehwang’s attack. He then stared beyond the stick and went into his eyes.

“How often do you do this?”

Besides martial arts and monsters, he was now even more curious about him than he thought he would be. Still, A Gagseog’s battle had its limits however, an unexpected feeling of greed surged through his heart.

‘This guy... I want to finish him.’

He could tell he was a Debauzer as soon as he saw him. He was never just an ordinary guy but others couldn’t see it. Being a Debauzer wasn’t just an all amazing thing since they were more in charge of performing rituals on ancestral tablets. Some might call it easy but countless ones were not even fit for it, that’s why there was a bigger shortage on Debauzers compared to the hunters in general. With the thought of being a hunter, a Debauzer would usually have low capabilities and even if they had good skills, they won’t be able to achieve his kind of level.

But then a very tempting guy appeared. He didn’t want to shoot the consumption in the dimension invasion, he was a guy that really wanted to improve. The only problem was that this guy seemed too nice that he looked like he would never truthfully follow along.

‘Should I finish him? He seemed like someone who was unknown to others. Could we study martial arts together and chat? What could I give him? What could he teach me?’

Those were all the thoughts going through his head. He doesn’t want anything else and his martial arts were already revealed when they started to fight.

“I’m going to go crazy.”

He was then pushed into a new level greed like a tsunami wave and in that moment he started to fight Jaehwang once again. GwanJae was confused by his own random attacks and was surprised when he found his arm naturally coiled around Jaehwang’s stick.

‘I’m stuck.’

It crowded his arm and limited his movements as it placed his joints in pain. There were a clear difference in some of their skills but it wasn’t long before he got his focus back. He then shook his arm and resumed the fight.

Kwag!

He broke the stick into two.

Kwakwakwag!

He then slammed Jaehwang into the wall.

Jaehwang coughed and tottered as he picked himself up.He glanced over to his broken stick with a bitter face and looked at GwanJae before he shook his head.

“Thank you for the lesson.”

GwanJae then looked at him with a dispirited expression. He handed out his hand towards Jaehwang as a sign of respect but it was actually his perfect defeat. He just fought a kid and in the end, he couldn’t gain that one thing that he wanted. That was all, but when someone would try to look into the details, he used the last of his mana and he considered that as his loss.

Well... There was one thing that he gained.

‘That was really amazing... was that monster-like battle censer?... How did he learn something like that...’

He sighed. The fight went well, however, his mood wasn’t entirely bad, it was just it was covered by a bigger sense of greed.

‘I’ve got him now. He’s all worn out...’

“What kind of applicant are you!”

“How can you fight like that and...”

“Who are you? Are you hiding your skills as a hunter?”

He finished his confrontation and everyone else in the room made a noise as if they just woke up from a sleeping spell. It were like in the presence of a goblin.

He was either hallucinating or in a dream but that applicant tried to strike him down for about fifteen minutes. He haven’t had his look until now since he was too preoccupied with his stick martial arts.

He didn’t think that he would see so many people with such capabilities. The prominent clans application prospects were put aside. It appeared sacred and talked with them but, that person just mocked their imaginative power.

They were about to approach him but they stopped when they felt a vibration around Jaehwang.

Kwagkwagkwag!

GwanJae’s weapon fell into the floor and made the whole building vibrate.

“I have a new suggestion for you.”

“...”

Jaehwang looked at him with a unenthusiastic expression. He already gained his hybrid license as he didn’t need to participate in any more activities with him. It was the most annoying meeting that he could lose. He got his licensed issued after one year in the national academy and by the last 15 months he was in service and joined a long term expedition.

“You’ll be given a level four license.”

Jaehwang was preparing to refuse his offer but he stepped back.

‘Level four hunter license.’

If possible, the purpose of their fight was never specified, Jaehwang did a good job but now the situation turned out to be more intense. There was a big possibility that he would be given the level four license. All the hunters in the academy wanted a moment like that.

‘It’s unconditionally involved in the nation mobilization order.’

The expedient used those and avoided a lot of the hunter procedures. There were a lot of unexpected holes in the responsibility clause but, the responsibility clause didn’t come into effect after a long stay in the dimension gate. They received national authorization in the clan and that did them a favor. They were always standing by the dimension gate with the files to avoid the responsibility clause.

The problem was that they didn’t belong to the clan and the expedient they were using was difficult. Jaehwang acquiring his level two license was just enough for him if it meant that he could avoid mobilization and venture into a dimension gate alone.

How could he tell that to someone?

‘Avoiding the sacred responsibility is a cowardly thing to do.’

He thought that’s how a hunter would respond. That was behavior he could only tolerate at home, the death rate of the nation mobilization were unexpectedly high. There were accidental occurrences of monster waves in the neighborhood so hunters were then gathered together to fight them off.

The byproduct during the monster hunter period consisted a total of the 90 percent of a hunter’s possessions. The mobilization fixed up the system of compensation however, their position were still as terrible as ever.

Although its mortality rate were high, he couldn’t stand that he would have to deny the sacred responsibility of a level four license. It was something that would usually take an experienced hunter ten years to achieve and he’s just giving it to him. It was an opportunity that he could not refuse.

True Energy 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 42: True Energy 2




“What do you think?.”

“...”

Jaehwang looked at the old man and took a deep breath. He really wanted to make the deal but he still didn’t have an answer. It wasn’t a bad suggestion and maybe he could find what his real energy looked like over time.

Jaehwang stepped back from GwanJae.

“A level four license takes a lot of experience and If I didn’t have the right skills, then I wouldn’t be able to do it.”

“The right skills... What kind of skills do you think that is?”

“...Battle skills.”

GwanJae gave him a nod. That was right. Some would just adjust to those conditions but some didn’t have the abilities and confidence to reduce that gap. He was still wondering how would Jaehwang fight in a real situation.

“Right. Maybe a hunter’s nature is to fight. What’s your nature?”

“I’m just an applicant.”

GwanJae laughed at his answer. He wondered if that was a joke and he just gave him a compliment just to be sure.

“I wondered who you were when I first saw you.

Everyone in the building understood what he meant except Jaehwang. He talked about their match for about twenty minutes. He pondered for a moment if he brought that up to look down on him, he didn’t really know why he did that in the first place.

“Who are you?”

“...”

“...”

“You don’t know me?”

“No...”

Everyone in the facility had an unpleasant look on their faces. They were surprised that there was someone in Korea that didn’t know GwanJae.

“Are you a foreigner?”

“No...”

“How could you not have heard of me before? You haven’t seen any of the six movies that I was in? You haven’t seen me on TV? Nothing about me had come up in your textbooks?”

Jaehwang scratched his head in confusion. He only used his textbook as a pillow and he hasn’t really watched that much TV or movies. The spirit might have seen him before but then again, there was no way he could have known since he spent all his time shooting arrows.

“Wait, so why do you think that you deserve a level four hunter license?”

GwanJae looked around with a tired look on his face. Everyone just shook their heads, they knew what Jaehwang meant and GwanJae kept his silence until he spoke once again.

“If you give me a few examples then I’ll try to give an answer.”

“Tell me.”

“It would be wider in here next time so I hope that everything would turn out to be brand-new”

GwanJae then started to smile. He actually didn’t even think of that, the people that he asked didn’t really wish for these kinds of things.

“That’s very good. Enclose everything!”

“Jeonmyeong!”

GwanJae’s people walked behind him and all the doors of the activity center were all shut in.

“Okay... Is this how it’s gonna go?”

Jaehwang’s mind turned blank for a moment after GwanJae’s question. It looked like everything and everyone had disappeared at that moment. He thought that he would die but besides that, he just smiled knowing that he would destroy anyone that would come near him.

“To them, what Mr. GwanJae meant was not directly mentioned but they did figure out what he was trying to say.”

He heard Jaehwang calling him ‘Mr. GwanJae’ and he became happy deep inside. He wasn’t actually planning to murder him. He only wanted to test Jaehwang’s disposition...

“Really? Hm... Okay. Rumi.”

“Yes!”

Someone standing behind him then shook their head and left.

“That’s it for your license test. Everything related to this kid should be gone and another thing that you should know, my name is something that you shouldn’t speak off.”

“Jeonmyeong!”

The person named Rumi who stood behind him spoke through a small mic and everyone in the center fell down as if they were hit by a tidal wave. Everything went along as planned, the others were swept away like some curse had been poured out. The voice did reach Jaehwang, but it did not have any effect.

“Done?”

“Yes.”

Everyone was left unable to move and Jaehwang just turned around and walked out of the activity room.

-Will you help me?

Jaehwang asked to the spirit.

-No... You are your final fortress.

He could show his abilities as well as her existence and her genuine strength but he knew that he would have to keep it secret until the finale.

-I guess we could both agree. Goodluck

-I know.

She just had enough to share even though he didn’t really get that much help from that spirit. Her strength and the energy of his ancestor’s archery skills could boost his power up to 150%. They had to fight for so long and they had learned how to maximize his hand and eye coordination.

After walking at the end of the activity center, he looked over to Gwanjae and took out his cover protection.

“Hm...”

GwanJae got nervous when he saw Jaehwang get his arrows. The bow had an odd shape and he couldn’t really think about what his plan was. The arrow felt modern and there was a monster’s byproduct that looked loose as it fastens his red cover suit.

“Are you going to use that?”

“Yeah.”

“It looks special.”

GwanJae slowly got himself together as he looked at his arrow. He wondered why he was using an arrow instead of his special skill. He didn’t know if the arrow would be stronger or could fly farther, he didn’t even recognize what type or what brand that was.

“Hue...”

He became even more curious when Jaehwang pointed his hand towards him.

“I don’t have any mana left to use so I figured that I could show you a little of my strength.”

“Thank you...”

He wasn’t sure of what GwanJae’s plan was when he answered back, Jaehwang just kept his firm grip at the arrow as he continued to give him a curious look.

“I didn’t know that you had such a special weapon.”

“It’s personally customized.”

“Huh... Can you tell me about it later? I want to get me one too.”

“Sure.”

They exchanged a few words before Jaehwang made a move to start their second match.

Pa! Pag!

He aimed the arrow at his face and GwanJae immediately moved his head to avoid it. GwanJae thought that he was safe but the two arrows that were right in from of him still landed on his head.

Papapag!!!

A third arrow then followed at the second he closed his eyes. It felt like he was walking towards the direction of his arrows. He first thought that it was supposed to be an ability, but then he realized that it was solely Jaehwang’s pure shooting skills.

“I didn’t know you were this good!”

Papapag!

Everyone might think that it hit but GwanJae actually disposed of all the arrows with his hand. He immediately thought that he either had a special way of shooting or there was an automatic operation launch setting with his bow. The arrows that he intercepted were fast, he couldn’t even see him aiming but the arrows are still going for his key locations.

“I have it too!”

He didn’t think how dangerous his attacks could be and it wasn’t long before he started his assault. GwanJae dashed towards him and deflected all the arrows that were coming his way, his mysterious movements made the arrows looked like they were just bouncing off of him.

Jaehwang then ran to the side to increase the distance between them as he kept it coming. The problem was not the distance, the thing that troubled him the most was that GwanJae no longer looked nervous.

‘So this is what it was. That footwork is amazing!’

GwanJae upped his gear one step higher and went even faster. It appeared as if there was electricity running all over his body but he didn’t have that kind of power. He didn’t want to make a ridiculous mistake inside that room so he just misdirected everything that Jaehwang threw at him.

The distance then became shorter. He shot him with the most fatal weapon that he had but like everyone else, he also had a different tool in hand.

Pag!

He pulled back the string and took a shot at his head. He had no mana left to improve its power so he had to draw the bow with his raw strength with such a small window. One or two of his bones broke at that moment, he would have died instantly without his determination and luck.

Swoosh...

Jeahwang spread his arms further until the bowstring had met its limit. He knew that his arrows would be weak if shot in a short distance but to others, it was strong enough to even be considered as a standard.

Pag!

He felt a sharp pain at the bottom of his chin coming from the silence arrow that he deflected with his hand. The distance was short enough for him to miss the shot. When he saw that he was able to block it, he jumped back and then again stretched his arm as he widened the distance between them.

Two arrows came flying through the air. It looked like he could hardly dodge them...

“Wow, you’re so good at this.”

Pag!

GwanJae stomped the floor to propel himself forward, shattering the tiles with a force comparable to bomb. He swept the two arrows away with the back of his hand to close the gap between them.

“Is that it?”

Sweat dripped down from Jaehwhang’s forehead when he saw GwanJae avoid his attack at point blank range.

“Can borrow that thing that you have?”

He gathered both his hands into a fist in anger and quickly ran towards Jaehwang who shot another arrow as soon as he saw him move. It turned out to be a game of tag but after he thought about it, he realized that their actions turned out to be a little bit extreme which made it awkward.

He then stepped back to adjust his arms and give the string another pull.

Whii...

“Ha... ridiculous.”

GwanJae got frustrated and shook his hands.

“This is impossible!”

He lifted his right hand and shot his energy towards Jaehwang that pierced through the air between them. He was light headed because of GwanJae’s attacks so he took another step back.

‘It’s a matter of life and death.’

The energy was his most important weapon.

GwanJae was hit in the face with a force so great that even the edges of his sleeves were in pain.

Using his key weapon, he was able to choose life over death.

Whiii!! Pagpag!!!

The arrows continued to fly towards GwanJae and even the hems of his clothes were hung in distress while Jaehwang’s attacks continued to gain more speed.

Tok!!!

GwanJae glanced over him, the cover suit was already tangled and were already restraining him.He saw him lifting another arrow with his hand.

‘He’s about to make another shot?!’

Whiiii! Pag!!

True Energy 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 43: Finding the Lost Piece 1




He couldn’t believe it. Jaehwang stepped back with the hems of his clothes still in shambles. He held onto the arrow stuck on his stomach. It didn’t bother him that much, he didn’t even make a noise but then he collapsed.

His mind went blank as he laid down on the floor. He didn’t use any of his mana and but he used up all of his strength.

“Huh...”

He stared at Jaehwang. The fight happened in such a small time but he used all of his energy and ended up taking deep breaths. He saw that Jaehwang still had the will to fight, his long red arrows fell and rolled across the floor but there was still one resting on his bow.

He had his most shocking day after a few years. He still also wanted to learn his amazing style sinec even though he was very young, he was the strongest he had ever seen in terms of martial arts. He wanted to taught and learn by his talent so that if he turned out to be evil, he would be the one to stop him.

He thought about him disappearing. Jeahwang’s potential was scary no matter how many times he thought about it, so he shook his head and reapproached himself before he asked him a question.

“...Are you able to keep going?”

GwanJae’s voice came out with nice since his jealousy was now gone. Jaehwang then took a deep breath and answered.

“I used up all of my mana.”

He has reached his limit. He remembered that he just healed someone earlier so there was a chance that his reserves would be running low by the time they started their fight.

“I see.”

He shook his head and was dejected but he had seen the outcome that he wanted to see.

‘I didn’t know that he was an Archer. He’s like that person...’

He started to think of someone he met a long time ago. He remembered that that person had an impressive skill in archery as well. It was so long since they had met but there was no way that he would forget about it.

That’s because he was using Ancient Martial Arts Archery.

Gwanjae glued his eyes on Jaehwang as he tried to move and that’s when he noticed something familiar that widened his eyes. It made him think twice about the techniques that he used. He didn’t notice that when he looked at his documents and that’s when he decided that he would need to recheck it.

“Kid.”

“Yeah?”

Jaehwang then sat down and answered back. There was an arrow on his stomach but he behaved as if it already happened before. GwanJae thought that if he could push him to be little bit stronger, then he would be able to put forth and utilize his skills to its utmost potential.

“By any chance... was your grandfather a really talented person?”

Jaehwang shook his head in surprise at the sight of GwanJae mentioning something about his missing grandfather. He was Jeon ByeonJae and about sixty years ago, he had saved many people and everyone knew his name.

“Yes....”

“Hm...”

GwanJae started to shake at the thought that maybe that was his grandson he never knew about. It happened sixty years ago and he couldn’t remember a thing since his memory was cursed. He was confident that he would never forget anything else but he still had forgotten his name.

“Can you... tell me the name of your grandfather?”

Jaehwang gave him a sad smile and answered his question.

Jeon ByeongJae.

He was Jaehwang’s grandfather and he was the one who taught him martial arts. His grandfather opened a dimension gate and destroyed the monsters. He saved a lot of people and left the mountain cabin only to be never seen again.

He couldn’t return.

He didn’t complete his martial arts training so all he could do was wait for a vacancy.

A few years had passed by and the human military troops had then started the assault against the monsters together with Gagseogs but there was still no news about his grandfather. He was very young at that time and all that he learned himself was energy control and his focus.

He sought the vision of other styles to improve his own martial arts but all he learned was actually just superficial knowledge. That drove him to the point of despair.

“Are you afraid that he will return?”

“Yes. He... I went after him on my own but in the end, I could never find him.”

It was a terrible memory even for Jaehwang and the edges of his ribbed eyes made it clear that it was even hard for him to even think about. GwanJae averted his gaze but his look still remained vague as if he wanted to take a one last look behind him.

“He... he wasn’t a Gagseog. But he was still able to save people’s’ lives...”

GwanJae fell quiet. He can’t control his voice as it continued to shake with just knowing that he might be his grandson. He wasn’t a Gagseog but he possessed a great talent to the point that people would consider him as one.

He was just a normal person but he just couldn’t stand around a the sight of monsters’ indiscriminate slaughter towards other people. That’s why he saved everyone.

He saved a lot of lives with his arrows and like a reckless man of valor, he would rush in and risk his own even if it meant just saving one. GwanJae thought to himself that if it wasn’t for him then he wouldn’t be standing there.

He kept his routine of saving people until the day they were able to fight back and eventually, they were able to kick those monsters out and established peace within the Republic of Korea.

His time with him was short and it was only one week at most. He did his best and fought the monsters for the sake of everyone around him but at some point, he disappeared.

So many of their colleagues was lost as they made sure to destroy the monsters down to their offsprings. They told each other their names and became friends but he can’t somehow shake off the feeling that they would never see each other again by the time they left.

Jaehwang took a ride on GwanJae’s helicopter to Seoul. It was his first time to fly so he was a little nervous but in the end, he had a great time.

“I don’t know if we would be able to find that person once we get back to the formation. However, I know that he could come back to us. The last person that stood in that place was always him.”

“Was there no way to check his ranking?”

“We’re not sure. There’s no systemization in that group. It had become isolated and absorbed away little by little. They decided to leave that piece alone but, they slept and woke up with a lot of dead people. Someone did take up the position but in the end, he still couldn’t even manage to to anything.

“...”

He shook his head without a word, Jaehwang also mentioned something that he learned from school before he swayed his head once again. A lot of people died over the past years, half of their population had even disappeared.

“Monsters ate our people along with everything that they had, leaving them with barely anything left. They’re the worst...”

Jaehwang was reminded of something that he had forgotten.

“Do you know what it had inside?”

He continued to talk as his memory came back.

“Didn’t his name come up with a pitch-black wooden tag and a bucket?”

Jaehwang started to think. The important thing that they were looking for had appeared. He thought that maybe it should be that one he should be looking for all this time but something felt strange about it.

“About the arrows... do you have anything left?”

GwanJae shook his head at Jaehwang’s question.

“These special arrows were all over the place when he was around but now, there was nothing left. They did try looking around some of his hunting spots but they still found nothing, they recovered nothing.”

“I see.”

He was all out of energy and he felt that only half of him wanted to know more details about it.

“The name that was written on the black tag must have not been his name...”

“Yes. It must have been my grandfather’s name.”

He nodded as Jaehwang sunk himself in thought at his seat inside the helicopter. He almost forgot about it all but then when he remembered him, things had become a little more complicated. His grandfather weren’t into martial arts but sometimes, he just couldn’t get enough of it. He also said something about his grandfather about everything that would happen.

“Before the family’s property was set, he started acting strange... and my father...”

His father resents his grandfather. Although it didn’t turn out to be that serious, his grandmother started to get sick when his grandfather disappeared. He was left alone as an orphan, he didn’t possess any heirlooms and he event felt ashamed that he wasn’t able to learn martial arts. That became the reason why he drowned himself in alcohol.

From generation to generation, there was a dull brass bucket with everything in it and after his grandfather disappeared they, so did all the heirlooms that it contained.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t know that we would find it so late like this.”

GwanJae said but Jaeheang couldn’t hear him as he continued to keep his eyes shut.

Dudududu...

The helicopter was huge and it had a lot of space in its center and it soon landed on top of a field. They were greeted by 40 elderly men and women that lined up wearing modernized hanbok outfits. They looked to be the same age as GwanJae and the one standing on the front gave a them a bow.

“Welcome back, sir.”

“Thank you. Was everything okay here?”

“Yes, everything was good. The same as always. Is that person standing next to you related to you?”

“It seems so.”

“Understood, then I would be attending to him.”

“Okay.”

It wasn’t like a welcome greeting that he expected. GwanJae started to walk and all of the lined employees followed behind him. The passed through a ton of giant doors until they reached their destination. Jaehwang found himself standing in front of a mansion and that’s when he turned around and spoke.

“Wait here everyone.”

“Yes, sir.”

GwanJae led Jeahwang into a silver elevator and they both went down to the lowest floor. They arrived, passed by another giant door and they were finally able to walk inside the room.

‘Hero Exquisite.’

They went into a huge tunnel. The sign faced upwards and spul in an oblique helical from and there were noticeable traces of repairs here and there. They continued to walk on until they had found a certain glass covered display.

“Are all of these... momentos?”

“Yes.”

The one meter tall glass case had some items inside. One would not even consider them to be amazing. Most of them had fingerprints, there was a wrinkled letter but besides that, all of the things there were items that one would use in their everyday life. There was a watch, an old modeled smartphone and a worn out gun.

They then walked into a terribly shaped exhibition hall and there they saw a name written on a small bulletin board.

Finding the Lost Piece 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 44: Finding the Lost Piece 2




The glass case seemed to go on forever that Jaehwang started to wonder if all the people’s mementos had been stored down here. That was when GwanJae noticed his curiosity.

“There are exactly 3251 points left. That’s still not even as much as it was in the beginning. We had a ten-kilometer deep tunnel filled with items but it’s still not enough to hold everything. Time had passed and there are still many that need to be found. There are still things out there that would remind us about the hero that we had but there was no one left to find it. I wanted to take ahold of those items but I had to stay here and protect this place.”

GwanJae continued to talk as he continued to walk forward and sweep the dust off of the items one by one. Jaehwang followed his back and thought that mementos were a piece of humanity’s tragedy caused by the generation mashup.

-I don’t know, but I have a bad feeling about this. It feels like this place is full of dead people.

The spirit said in a calm voice.

There was a visible blood stain covered by a bandage and an empty cartridge. They passed through a big cross section where they saw two pieces of a broken sword and behind that lies an arrow.

“Do you know why they made this place like this?”

“Yes.”

Jaehwang gave him a nod and answered. He knew that those mementos were here for people to see. They were displayed in this tunnel so that its visitors would have a way to remember their heroes.

They started from the lowest floor and made their way up in a spiral through the place. They kept their eyes in remembrance of all the heroes that fought for their safety until they reached their destination.

GwanJae’s stopped his footsteps.He turned around and looked at one of the glass cases, from there he took a handwritten black sign that was about 90 centimeters and was held up by a brass yellow stick.

Click...

GwanJae then stepped back but then, he walked forward and grabbed the sign which felt strange but familiar. It had the same shape as the ancestral tablet that he had inside the cabin.

“Show us Jeon Jaehwang’s grandfather who is 79 years of age.”

The sign showed his name on its front in Chinese and on its back, it showed the number 77. They looked at the sign to deduce what it could mean but Jaehwang then got bored.

He had something like this on the shrine in the cabin. In fact, it was the only thing that filled the place. Their family had a special tradition. It was instructed that the direct successor would then be taught with martial arts and their teacher would then be put on the shrine as an ancestral tablet when they die. His father often taught him his skills and with the tradition being fulfilled, the sign of his father was then stored and everything in the shrine turned out to be perfect.

‘He would have really liked his father if he didn’t struggle that much.’

He did resent his grandfather but on the inside, he actually misses him. He had always avoided talking about his grandfather and talked about his father instead since all the memory that he had was his grandfather crying, cursing as well as drowning himself in alcohol. The thought of meeting them again made him a bit happy, it felt like he would get his long cherished wish.

He had his eyes closed and he now felt more at east. He then noticed and opened the box beside him.

‘The set artifact successor finding has started.’

Jaehwang was surprised as soon as it started to burn. He dropped the box but then a gold light started to come out of it.

Swoosh..

“Huh?...”

The box grew hotter as there was a strange sound that came out of it. He kept his focus, the energy that flowed out of it faced him and started to move.

-Should I stop it?

The spirit asked as the energy continued to get stronger.

-It’s fine.

Jaehwang answered back. He thought that it was better than seeing the generations of his family stepping down. He couldn’t believe that the energy meant to cause him harm but he still decided to look past it. Then energy then stood in front of him for a moment until he started to absorb it until it completely disappeared.

‘Set artifact inheritance complete.’

After that the gold colored Aietiem options window showed up in front of him.

Set Artifact Ranking

Inheritance: Jeon Jaehwang

Restraintment: Brass

Arrow distance increased 30 percent

Arrow speed increased by 50 percent

Active Skill

Silent arrow

Set effects:???

Jaehwang looked over at GwanJae who looked surprised for the same reason.

“It’s been a long time since I’ve seen an artifact inheritance.”

“This is an inheritance?”

“Yes, it is.”

Jaehwang looked at the box as the golden glow slowly died down. Using the artifact’s skill was to help fight other hunters but this was the first time that someone had become a true inheritant.

Rodes had almost disappeared in the past. They had overused the pure artifacts at their fights against the monsters and most of the things that they used ended up being old and dull. The desire of the artifact was then destroyed so the ones they used were different from their predecessors who would then later became the inheritance.

The limit of its quantity were astronomical, however that memento that he had had the most of the traditional powers one could get. Those artifacts were naturally given to the hunters but custom or mass produced equipment were not more popular compared to the ones made by Rodoes.

“No one showed up to help him, that’s why you were able to get it”

GwanJae said as he shook his head. There were three ways to own artifacts. The first method was to protect the artifact from a different inheritance, the second method was to give up on it and the last method was to wait until the artifact inheritance died.

His grandfather had the same power before and others wanted it as well. Jaehwang did become its next successor for the items that lie dormant until know and he himself seemed to already had known that.

“These were my ancestors.”

Even though the one he recovered between the two family heirlooms was enough, he still needs his arrows to utilize it.

“Your ancestors... Jeon ByeongJae... hmm... Finally, I know more about him.”

GwanJae said with a carefree expression on his face. He was happy that the artifact finally found an heir of its power and he was glad that the memory of that hero continue to live in his memory.

‘Do you think you could teach me that?’

‘What are you talking about?’

‘That amazing thing you did. How do you make it fly like that? It goes so far”

‘Well, I could show you how.’

‘Really?! I can’t go home anyway and my blood pressure is dangerously high.’

‘Is that it or, you really can’t go home?”

‘Ugh! My son is home alone! This kind of thing is going to ruin my hands!’

‘Where’s the good season? Why isn’t anything sprouting here!! I’ll even have to gather arrows at the gym until there are none left. He needs help, he’s having another seizure.’

‘Let go, let go!!’

He seemed to have a good character.

“Hue...”

GwanJae lifted his head after being buried and his thoughts and spoke to Jaehwang.

“Let’s go. That person’s grandson can’t be neglected. Everytime I find an inherent of those items, I go on a drink, what do you say?”

“Sure.”

They both then began to talk silence and they continued to talk about the artifacts till left unfound.

Swoosh...

A vehicle that weighed thirty tons stopped and summoned a white cloud of dust behind it. It was designed by a colorful painting but it had scratches here and there.

The armed truck opened on the gloved side and a soldier came out. His face was soaked in sweat and covered in dust. He could barely keep his eyes open as he walked. He had lots of assembly items that were also painted.

“Park Joonghwi! Weren’t you told not to park over here?”

He kept his strong stern face as he brushed the dust out of his eyes before he answered back.

“The parking ramp was a little close. Besides, I just came back from a deadly mission...Give me a break...”

“What?!? Come here!”

“Yes, sir. Everything went well, I received my badge of rank in one round.”

He glared at Joonghwi and didn’t ask him anymore questions. There wasn’t usually anyone who could receive a badge of rank so quickly but he did and he led his own platoon and improved it. Before, he was their troop’s strongest but when he got to lead, his group had made an improvement with their abilities.

That’s why he won’t hold back at saying what needs to be said despite him being nervous.

Joonghwi walked towards the door and went inside of the room. The cold air helped to cool him off.

“Loyalty...”

Joonghwi stood in front of the desk and gave a light bow. The girl on the other side of the desk lifted her head away from a book and smiled.

“You did a great job, Park Joonghwi. Did you run into the oak search party?”

“Yes. But luckily we discovered it on our side first.”

She shook her head.

“Seems like everything went smoothly. Take a seat. Let’s see... What was the result of the scouting? Did the visiting team cause any trouble?”

Joonghwi froze at her question. He then said no as he swayed his head.

“Someone interrupted so we weren’t able to do as much as we wanted to.”

“But you still did as much as you could, right?”

Joonghwi then took a deep breath and then answered.

“If possible, I don’t want to recommend it. The oaks had just finished their breeding season these days so it was tough. The visiting team took care of what was left behind and they would just usually find some wrecked drones in the area. Although, I’m confident that we could go on a different country in the next military expedition.”

“Clans?”

“”Is there any good news of bad news for them? Is there any news at all?...”

“Were there any villains?”

“It was calm and quiet.”

“Really? That’s a relief. Were there any traces of natives?”

Her facial expression became more serious after he asked about the natives.

“Do you have any information about the natives including Des Lacs?”

“No, he’s still at the World Hunter Secretariat but even Des Lacs has a high rate of being captured by monsters like the oaks. They could still get captured even though they’re natives.”

Joonghwi then shook his head.

“And we still couldn’t find the prisoners, we’ve looked everywhere. We found some people on the northeast side meadow and the swampy terrain.”

“Hmm... Okay. I see. You can go now.”

“Yes, ma’am. But, Sooreong?”

“What is it?”

She answered in return.

“Sooreong... there won’t be any newcomers? Would you let me know in advance if there was someone being allocated to my side?”

Finding the Lost Piece 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 45: Who is He 1




She wore an angry look and answered him.

“It’s still a secret. I definitely don’t think we would be allocating just yet, are you worried?”

“Well... let’s go drink and then I’ll teach you a little martial arts and this...”

He looked around and handed her a clear crystal as big as a fingernail which made her blush.

“Is there some ranked four person in the vicinity?”

“No, although we were planning to find some after the oak search.”

The diamond that he handed to her had to be about 200 dollars. She still took it even though she hated it.

The Army’s system shifted its focus on the hunters as its center after the generation mashup. The mess that they created over through their years of desperate fighting seemed like fantasy and despite that, their laws were still in good condition.

“We will have to pocket this and discharge of everything.”

“Maybe on our next search we could go with a fourth tier and fight without documentation. Everything would be smooth.”

Sooreong took a deep breath and started to type on the army purpose laptop on her desk.

“Um... there seem to be two number ones in the health system.”

Joonghwi looked a bit confused at what she said.

“...Is it another reporter?”

“I’m not sure.”

“The support system did not all entirely dry up!?”

She moved the computer mouse and answered.

“It is. There was a dealer with an enchanted... healer. But they were all in different allocations.”

Joonghwi was pleased to hear her answer. The others were interesting he started to pay more attention when he heard her mention a healer. Of course, it’s common knowledge that a platoon of 15 people would have at least one healer but he knew that his group was worse compared to the others. He had one but their healer possesses a few fatal flaws.

“Sooreong... can you do me a favor and put that healer on our side?”

She then answered back with an angry tone.

“No way! I can’t do that. We have more than enough troops.”

“We would have more help for our next mission. Think about it? You know that that position holds great importance in our platoon and you know that ours was not in his greatest condition after going through the missions. We need another one.”

She was annoyed about what he said and if he was anyone else then she would have exploded at fired them right away. The only problem that he was her close friend from school and she wanted to stay friends with him. He was also reliable and friendly on top of his great leadership skills.

“Wait here.”

She had no way of turning him down so she just put up the healer’s file.

“There were few young ones these days so some of their pictures were still left unpublished.”

The image still had an unpublished mark but it wasn’t a big deal. The other fields were filled so knowing about his other personal details didn’t pose a problem. An epidemic had spread because of a villain so even photos needs approval before it could even be posted.

She then checked the profile and was surprised.

“A second level ranked hybrid?”

“Wow...”

Joonghwi looked confused. Qualifying to be healer sounds as hard but having a second level hybrid license made it sound even more unattainable. He had indifferent, abilities and a uselessly high nose ridge that could make the other platoon members jealous, even Joonghwi felt the same.

“Sir!”

“Hey, protect the top and bottom!”

Soonreong said to Joonghwi as she pushed him away but it wasn’t, that strong to make him fall over. He then handed him a pouch that had a seemed to be small broken pieces of something.

“Sir! Spare me this one time, please. We could still keep the big accident as a secret.”

Soonreong then took a deep breath. She didn’t know that much about his situation but what she knew was that his current company commander caused him a lot of hardships. That was also the reason why they needed a more capable healer in these recent years.

“Okay, okay. Go ahead back, they’re waiting for you.”

Joonghwi face then lit up.

“Thank you so much!”

Joonghwi then said goodbye and left the room.

A small camo patterned bus that had a ‘Advanced base 716’ written on it passed through the slow opening door.

“Here’s the vehicle number for you to enter.”

The person on the guard post checked the plate number on the military vehicle. He got on the bus, looked ahead and then turned away. The Seoul gate was the closest place of where they were at the moment. This was an unavoidable place for a monster invasion.

Later the bus stopped on the parking ramp.

“Everyone! We can finally announce the Alousu take over. It’s going to be difficult and scary.”

Everyone on the bus then cheered. The front door of the bus opened and their voices started to get louder.

“Okay, okay, quiet down everyone.”

“...There’s some kind of dust...”

“Ugh! How are we going to deal with this? My skin!”

Everyone wore a stiff new military costume. They had big headphones covering their ears since the other ones were pushed back because of the environment being sultry hot.

“Ugh... Why am I here...”

A guy that had his hair dyed with strange prismatic colors spit on the ground and looked around the place. The soldiers ignored him since they didn’t want to cause any trouble but their subtle expressions showed how they really felt.

The bus then came to a stop and everyone got off. Their expressions were to easy for anyone to notice and all of them felt unfortunate that they had to spend 15 months in that place.

Then there was the last person to get off...

He walked out of the bus and his scampish look was changed into a bored expression. He was about 180 centimeters tall and he had a slim frame. His hood covered the upper half of his face and his only noticeable features were a scar on his cheek and a tiger drawing on his nose. His appearance was a bit unique so one would have thought that he would have some kind of attention drawn to him but...

The people looked at him for a different reason. His name tag was stuck on his chest and it had a small number written on it. There were two numbers and instead of it being written in black like everyone else, he had his in gold.

“Does that mean he’s a second rank hybrid?”

A hunter that knew a little about his rank whispered to his friend, he then shook his head and replied.

“Right. He’s a hybrid...”

That meant he had the magic system skill and physical strength system skills.

There were more than one or two hunters in this world who had the same rank so they weren’t all that surprised. It’s common for people to have more than one skill but possessing those two type of skills at the same time were considered rare.

“If he’s a hybrid then he must be good right? So why is someone like him here?...”

“I don’t know. He’s just getting better and better at his hybrid skills so maybe that’s why...”

“You think so? His flagship had clearly been pushed and he learned a new skill to get skills beyond his current level.”

“I’m a little confused.”

They talked as they got off of the bus and to the camp along with everyone else. The rearguard in the very back sluggishly followed along, they heard them talk so they went up to them.

“A healer?”

He jumped in and asked but the guy shook his head and the other one who was talking then looked around. He was about to tell something when,

“There’s an emergency, follow me!”

The ones that lead the group and looked back and nodded their heads. There was a healer but they still didn’t know their patient’s condition. For them to behave like that meant that there was a chance that they weren’t that terribly wounded. Requesting for a healer would have been the right thing to do but...

He brought a few things into the came and rushed back as fast as he could. He saw Jaehwang and pushed in into the military bus after yelling,

“Go!!! Complete the capture and let’s escape!”

“Guard us! Don’t let them come after us!”

“I got it!”

Everyone in the military truck had an angry look on their faces as soon as he finished speaking. They nodded their heads and looked through the window to guard it.

“Fiji! Step on it! Ugh, I really want to show my driving skills today!”

“Assign me! Captain! You can’t stop me today!”

He yelled, he then started the truck and took off.

The gap between the military bus and the small camp was almost 60 kilometers long. The suspension then blew up and the handle had snapped. The car started to speed up. The 30 ton massive military bus became covered in a foggy smoke and the speed kept going faster and faster.

They were placed in a difficult situation and one guy at the back yelled at someone.

“What’s going on?!”

“Ah... i’m sorry... I must have introduced it late.”

He then walked over towards him and handed out his hand.

“You’ve arranged your first introduction as platoon leader and first lieutenant.”

He stared at the guy and handed out his hand. He didn’t shake it but he responded with a shaky voice.

“I can do it, right?”

“Of course...”

Joonghwi took out his first lieutenant hologram license and after seeing that, he had a deep breath and took his hand.

“My name is Jeon Jaehwang and I am a second rank hybrid.”

Joonghwi showed him a bright smile before he shook his arm with both of his hands.

“Wow, Park Joonghwi is the best!”

Everyone on the bus was staring. Jaehwang then asked him a question after they finished their introductions.

“How will this go? Evidently, I know that first we arrange a stand by for everyday and then...”

Joonghwi scratched his head and answered back.

“Ah right... something like that but... something will happen in the middle of it so...”

“...”

Jaehwang clearly wanted an explanation for what he was talking about so he asked him to sit down beside him.

“The driver is good at driving but the road he’s follow is dangerous and distracting. Let me explain now that you’re sitting here.”

Jaehwang glanced out the window as Joonghwi explained. The bus moved slowly but it gained more speed over time and sometimes, it’s making a few sharp turns left and right. It was indeed distracting so Jaehwang pretended that he understood what he had been saying all these time.

“I see.”

He didn’t try to check if he was evil when they first met but something felt strange.

“Hmm... As you said, maybe I’ll arrange our platoon. Won’t we need a guard?”

“But why would they capture me?”

“Well, there’s a lot of people watching you so you’ll be fine. You will first use the documents to make the first platoon come but, that guy’s special forces will try to extort you when we take you there like this. However, that won’t be a bad thing for you. I’m not the type of person that likes to gossip but those people really are trash.”

Jaehwang took a deep breath and gave him a quick nod.

“So there’s no big problems?”

“Of course not. All of the documents had been taken care of”

He answered back.

-Is what he saying really true?

-Doesn’t it sound like he’s lying.

He couldn’t tell if he was lying or not but the spirit seemed to be right. He originally said that he would arrange platoon 1 but he seemed to be leaving something out. Besides, if the platoon leader had a problem then it would be his responsibility. He didn’t say a word despite that, they were now heading into the military camp and Jaehwang didn’t want to start any kind of arguments.

Who is He 1, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 46: Who is He 2




He picked up the documents and yelled before bowing to the person next to him.

“Uh... That platoon leader is unbelievable.”

“Let me see. Your conversation with the company’s boss is over! Get back to work!”

“You... all of the reports were stopped!”

“What are you saying?! He would have to come for two days to be recruited into our special forces!”

He yelled and the guy that bowed forward took a deep breath before he answered back.

“Of course the special force had a management team in charge of the recruitments but this position had been given to someone that quit their mission and left. That was expected but there was no one left to go find him.”

“Darn it...”

He grinded his teeth at his answer. He thought the same thing so he waited at that place for two weeks. He wanted to take him but there were no justification for those two weeks that he endured. He couldn’t take the other recruited soldiers inside their units and everything that he thought seemed ridiculous. That was why he left.

“But did he take someone with him?

“Well...”

He said about the justification when he came back.

“I didn’t know that there were any.”

He thought of something that he requested before he took off for that place.

“He was surely taken that way.”

“I have a question.”

“What is it?”

“Even though he’s a second level ranked hybrid, did they really ignore the the process and now, we had to take them with him?”

His question was correct. Going into the mission service with a possibly undertrained combatant would be risky even for the safety of his other men. The hunter moved as he couldn’t find any good reason to take him.

“Only you know about this.”

He looked around and then spoke in a quiet voice.

“That guy over there... He’s GwanJae’s grandson.”

“What?! His Grandson?”

He said with a surprised look.

“It’s true. I heard he tried to cover it up but everyone already had an eye on him. If they can bring him onto our side then your and me could get closer to GwanJae.”

“I see...”

He didn’t believe more of what he said even though he mentioned someone being GwanJae’s grandson. He just shook his head and replied with a straight face. If the boss did as he wished then the seven types of hunters would have a personal connections within the Republic of Korea.

“Interesting...”

When he thought about it, he got interested in it again and so he took out his phone. It was really strange, he then asked himself if he knew what that crazy platoon leader was doing.

They could see the Alousu through the window. It’s shape was amazingly similar to earth but also it was completely different. The atmosphere on the land was humid.

-Looks like were back.

-Yeah. The Alousu... It’s really cool. Looks like those annoying monsters aren’t here, thank goodness.

The spirit said in responded. They had spent a long time with each other and sometimes Jaehwang would still speak to her with a less respectful tone. Jaehwang had always kept his calm demeanor and never let it bother him, he thought of her as family.

-The silence here feels good.

-Huh? You aren’t sad? What if I died?...

-Of course...

She answered back with a very sincere tone. They had spent one year in the academy and what they talked about in classes weren’t as hard as they thought. Others couldn’t complain that it was helpful but what affected him more were his shabby clothes compared to what the others wore. He styled it the way he wanted to and he seemed to be like the amazing soldier that he dreamt of. He was popular with the girls throughout the year and everyone knew that he’s now a second level ranked hybrid.

Because of then he had to go without wearing his hood. Throughout the whole year...

-If GwanJae didn’t do your grandfather a favor then he obviously won’t come here with you.

-Right. Especially that crazy idiot...

Jaehwang slightly smiled at her response. He thought of a red headed girl that followed him around like a stalker throughout his stay within the academy. If she was a normal stalker then she would have just followed him around but, her background showed that she was a strange person that should be avoided. Jaehwang didn’t know anything about her but he actually decided not to learn anything about it.

Jaehwang received the smallest of help from GrwanJae. Even though that wasn’t all that he needed, he was still giving GwanJae a much more help than what he received from him.

“Hey! Where are you going?!”

It was like her voice was still ringing in their ears.

The military bus then eventually stopped.

“We have arrived to sector 8!”

“Let’s all go and take a rest.”

The instructor yelled, Joonghwi took of his seatbelt to stand up and speak.

“Okay everyone, let’s go rest.”

He got off onto the arm of the truck, most of the platoon members hiding inside immediately spread out and made a nice line. They all gathered into a single pace and the one that stood in the middle was Joongwhi. He looked over to Jaehwang and said,

“Aren’t you going to introduce yourself?”

“Ah, yes. My name is Jeon Jaehwang and I am from the national academy. I’m a healer who is studying for a second level hybrid license.”

The dimension gate scheduled service from the hunters for 15 months. Everyone would get the rank of a sergeant during that time period and the military troops went into the conscription to sort it out. So with that, he couldn’t get the rank that he wanted.

“Great. If there’s a good explanation then they said to get the dealer affiliation. That’s a very important thing to keep in mind and... Does anyone know Mr. Yang Haeji?”

“I do. The boss...”

He said and a lady that looked to be in her mid thirties with a bulky appearance shook her head.

“Good... okay... first, you’ve all been taught the home lifestyle, right?”

Joonghwi pressed a button on the remote control, a monitor came down from the roof and turned on.

“They’ve first been supporting us for the past 15 months before pestering us and this military bus is the first explanation. It’s exact name is the KM-09A Full sized strategy vehicle. There isn’t any small explanation, it was an 8 wheel drive and can move up to 100 kilometers on a highway. It’s engine is loaded with battery therefore it can take you wherever you need to go and you can drive it for a month with just one charge. It can also fly up to about 20,000 kilometers but it’s not exactly reassured. We’ll be spending 15 months here so be sure to make yourselves at home.”

“Yes, sir.”

It was the car that the soldiers used the most in the dimension gate so they all received the basic information on the vehicle. It was a Korean car but the engine parts were actually from Germany. It succeeded in localization but its battery drove the engine to a far-off building.

“You’ll be taught the platoon lifestyle. Between the time the bus hasn’t arrived, the female army soldiers will stand on that side and the male soldiers will stand on the other side. There’s a kitchen bus to a restaurant and also a meeting room. There’s a bathroom and a washroom on the girls side. And on the boys side there’s a bathroom with conditions... hm... just take it easy.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Later, everyone can go and rest wherever they please and use the bathroom however you need to... But don’t make any eye contact with female members when you come out of the shower. And also everyone stays in their own rooms.”

“Mr. Park Joonghwi!”

One of the female members shouted but Joonghwi just shook his hand.

“At any rate we’ll get back to this. And I would say it again but I’m sorry if these rules are too much. But there’s no way around it.”

“If you have something to say then it’s no use.”

“Okay. I’ll have to get to know everyone better later but I hope everyone will be good... But, why are you hiding your face? You were also wearing it when you went to get your document picture taken... Even if there’s something wrong with your face...”

Joonghwi said to Jaehwang.

“Well, this is a bit of a problem so I can’t take it off.”

“Hm... Okay. but it possible, please take it off when you’re coming and going. We don’t know what could happen here.”

Jaehwang then shook his head. He guessed that the reason for his request was so the platoon members couldn’t get divided. Jaehwang nervously rubbed the back of his neck and removed his hood.

“...”

Jaehwang revealed his face and everyone greeted him with a surprised look. He let out a refreshed reaction after he pushed back his hood and looked around. He then bowed and spoke.

“I’ll do my best.”

“...”

Everyone was silent. But the first person to finally say something was Joonghwi.

“Are you a celebrity?”

“Wow!!”

Every shouted after Joonghwi’s question. Of course the female leaders were the ones who cheered the loudest.

“He’s so beautiful!!!”

“Wow! It’s like seeing that face healed my eyes.”

The girls were speaking excitedly. The boys faces were beyond handsome and they weren’t really agitated but that was the first time they’ve ever seen someone that handsome before. Everyone was then greeting him.

“Here. money... starting today the boys side will have to protect the girls side from attacks.”

“Hahaha.”

The atmosphere wasn’t bad at all. All these things weren’t called for, the hunters were treated as they wished from the country. The actual job wouldn’t require all of them but they didn’t want to look like a terrible army. It looked like a place where they studied in when they were in the academy.

It hasn’t been long since they’ve been there. The newcomers training were great and were good at fighting monsters. But that didn’t seem like the case in that place. They all worked hard together and their colleagues seemed to be quite conscious.

“You have to be careful in. These days even for females to have an easy experience you’ll need a guard.”

The platoon members who were sitting glanced at Jaehwang and then focused their attention on Joonghwi again.

“I guess it’ll be hard to reach everyone in China. It’s dangerous. This isn’t anything that we could take lightly, we really have to plan everything.”

The giggles then calmed down after he finished speaking.

“First, always listen to the raid leader for every battle”

“Sounds good?...”

Jaehwang shook his head. He heard it many times since they were at the academy. He wasn’t sure how good his skills were for entering the platoon so he agreed to never disrespect the platoon leader. Of course his personal behavior was great even with the leader’s absence but everything would be judged inside their group.

“The second thing is that in platoon one, there are three people that are Gagseogs.”

The three people then stood up form their seats.

“I can show you all of the political situations here, daughters, civil rights and family responsibility has gone wild.The last thing about here is the standard skin is pockmarked so we’ll have to adjust to fit in. You all know this but, the army says that Gagseogs are just like the other hunters and can’t receive reception. Also they have a case of excessive solicitude so all forms of discrimination would be prohibited.”

“Yes, sir.”

Joonghwi explained a lot but the others in the army received that kind of experience where they were treated as slaves. They still had good skills even though their talents had been dropping and even that was very much hard to maintain.

They didn’t have any volunteers but they heard that those army of Gagseog soldiers were gathered and thrown into a dangerous place. That was the reason why the Gagseogs had to cope up with some sort of expendable circumstances.

When Jaehwang thought about army Gagseogs he thought of his friend Dongchol. He went to become one and they haven’t been in contact since then. He tried to go find him during the holidays but he was nowhere to be found...

“The last thing is that no one would give up until the platoon gives up. All the course of action that we would take should keep the platoon safe. Also, while the course of action is being determined and the independent actions would also be approved.”

Who is He 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 47: Human Cannon




“Got it.”

They had a great leader. His last few words were quite meaningful since they really had to ensure the platoon’s survival and none could give up the mission except the arbitrary judge. They would have to spend 15 months in the Alousu together and Jaehwang felt lucky that he got to meet such amazing people.

The platoon then introduced new 10 members to their team. There were three tankers, seven damage dealers and one healer. They went through every detail; the army troops, the four assigned hunters and the group of three Gagseogs that Jaehwang belonged into. They were the hunters reserved there to provide their service.

“Our platoon is base 716 with everyone on our team we should do well...”

“...15 people isn’t the limit, right?”

Joonghwi mentioned that the army of Gagseogs would interfere with the political situation. However, he cleared his throat and spoke rather than to ignore it.

“I think that we are the best compared to other platoons even though were individually different and everyone, please be kind to the newcomers and keep yourself awake during the night watch. Are you guys excited to start the raids?”

“When that happens, everyone will put on the repeater and come.”

“Sounds good. Everyone can rest for today and I’ll explain the details tomorrow.”

“Yes, sir.”

....

It was night and they could hear the loud crickets from outside. He was in an unfamiliar place that had an unfamiliar air and unfamiliar people. He couldn’t sleep. He lied in his sleeping bag and then he heard the spirit speak.

-There’s something I’ve been wondering about.

-What is it?

-Why did that guy refuse that offer?

-GwanJae?

-He just suddenly appeared to you. If that was his choice then maybe he wanted something from you, why else would he show up all of a sudden?

-I know. Haven’t his abilities decreased?

-Yeah. But why would he refuse the offer? He originally had a second level license in the national mobilization order. If that’s what he wanted then he would get stronger faster and he should should have been doing better because that would be placed under his authority. Does he hate getting help from others?

Jaehwang took a deep breath after the spirit had finished talking.

That was another thing that he was worried about. He was able to get really close to GwanJae during his year at the academy. He had a hard time seeing him despite him being big as a person but when they do get to meet, they would spend a lot of time together.

He would have become his student at the start and until the very end but Jaehwang refused all of it.

He only promised one thing at the beginning and that would be to restore his level four license. It was easy for GwanJae’s abilities but that alone wasn’t enough. He received his level four license so his attention was called by the mobilization order. It took him a year of studying before he was able to learn everything and because of that, he was able to take the offer to come here.

-He’s very fond of you.

-Huh?

-His experience gradually increased to the point that he could no longer break out of his limits. It was obvious that he quickly got stronger, however with the world in pain, he wanted to finish this mission and go. He’s strong and so is the person next to him. My goal is to be as strong as him but I think that it would eventually be unattainable for me.

-There aren’t any right answers in the world but if would go into the same path that he took, you would only end up going in circles. That’s a lot of time that you would spend walking.

-He actually hate being restricted so that’s why. So is that everything? Now go to sleep...

Jaehwang tried to end the conversation but the spirit continued to nag and it never stopped.

-Does he have any inherited ancestor abilities? Hm... What does he know. But it should be kept in mind. Your destiny is like a wheel but it won’t roll that easy.

-I know. He’s stronger. No one could pass him...

Jeahwang woke up at dawn the next day and followed the instructor named Choi Hyeon to learn their lifestyle step by step. Although her learned a lot from the academy, it was still difficult for him because all that he knew was still on paper.

“The military bus is the base, the leader has no blind spots and the place is equipped on a hill.”

“Yes, sir.”

ChoiHyeon took Jaehwang and set out towards the torn down base. There was a box that contained something inside at the end of a long stick. It was a motion detector that protects them when they are out on a raid. It could detect motion within a 100 diameter radius.

“We’ll finish the setup in three months and Jaehwang, I could see that you’re very experienced and now you’re learning pretty well. I see an individual base for every good person that I would see but for those that aren’t doing that much, their benefits would be the same so I hope that everyone would do their best. The coverage for our detectors were wide and could be overlapped but if we had more than two enemies, then it could be a huge problem.”

“Got it.”

He explained everything so Jaehwang shook his head before he left.

He even spoke to him with honorifics so he thought that maybe if the his instructor got over with this then he would have something to determine his skills. But even so, he would have to have an actual fight and this area seemed to be the perfect place for it.

-Let’s get ready when the morning comes.

“Okay.”

He could use the radio with the platoon’s specialized channels and he could hear ChoiHeyon’s answer through the headset that he wore. The only thing was that he was too nervous to even be honest with him.

“Uh... There’s a dissemination...”

Jaehwang smiled in hopes that he wouldn’t get angry. There was nothing normal during his stay at the academy. There was something everyone used dangerously and it could no longer be stopped. The army’s chronic evil was even the same here.

“Did you get last night’s snack?”

“Yes.”

Rattle... Rattle...

They arrived at the base where the smell of rice filled the place. He washed up and walked inside to prepare himself a seat. He got a tray and filled it with rice. There was a big pan in the middle with other foods in them and he carried them in his hand one by one.

“Just some of each.”

Jaehwang sat with some packs of food on his knees.

“Eat the the survival soup with the side dishes. It’s going to be the best thing for you from now on.”

Someone said as they were eating.

“If the food is bad then say so.”

Someone said as they used a giant metal ladle to scoop the JeongJae Mu soup.

“The taste is really great from the first taste.”

He took Jaehwang’s tray and put a spoonful of soup on it.

There were various kinds of ingredients he could see. It had a strong smell that made Jaehwang’s face scowl, he had a hard time adjusting to its smell.

There wasn’t any mistake when they prepared the food. It made him remember his time again in the academy but compared to what he had, its taste were much more terrible. He felt lucky that he was able to endure eating it.

“How was it?”

“It’s okay.”

The food wasn’t so good but he just shook his head and looked as if he was enjoying it.

“We don’t have anyone here with cooking skills.”

“We should just find a restaurant to order from...”

Someone complained. Jahwang looked at the canned food and stopped talking. He remembered that he could cook and felt like that he could help them for the next 15 months but he refused at that thought. He didn’t hate cooking but he didn’t enjoy it either.

-...It would be great if you cooked.

-I don’t want to.

The spirit spoke with a self-conceited tone.

“But what kind of skills does our second level ranked hybrid newcomer have? We all know that he’s appointed as a damage dealer but we still don’t know exactly what he does.”

His voice sounded curious. He was a high ranked hunter affiliated with the army and Joonghwi was the strongest person next to him but he had a third level short ranged dealer license. Everyone looked at Jaehwang after he said that. He didn’t directly ask but it was obvious that he was very interested on what he could do.

“Archery.”

“Ooh archery... that’s fit for a healer.”

Everyone seemed satisfied and just shook their heads. His voice sounded like he wanted to look down on him but then he seemed to not care. The platoon leader then responded.

“What about its properties? Does it include air transportation? If it’s an aim association skill then that’s amazing but... then the weapon system is in use and...”

He continued to eat his soup but he’s clearly interested about his skills. Someone named HyunJoon then walked to Jaehwang and asked him a question.

“HyunJoon. Don’t ask that type of question.”

“Oh... sorry.”

Someone said that while eating and HyunJoon apologized to Jaehwang before he left like nothing happened.. No one asked about his abilities and that sort of thing is the hunter common law. Of course he didn’t want to tell him even though he would eventually find out but he wanted to show it to his teammates in a polite way.

“Okay everyone, eat up. Isn’t it MinGyong’s turn for the dishes today?”

“Yes.”

Answered a platoon member with a shy voice. Her voice lacked confidence but she was very pretty.

“I can’t hear you!”

Said one of the instructors.

“Yes...”

The instructor wanted to drag her confidence out of the surface but she spoke in a quiet voice once again. The instructor just sighed before he went away and remainder of the time got quiet. Jaehwang then glanced over MinGyeong as he continued to get used to the taste of his soup.

Their allotted time for breakfast was then finished and they all started their platoon training.

Jaehwang got himself a 30mm machine gun from the top of the military bus as Joonghwi told him to. It had an effective range of 3000 meters and had a 60 wmp launch speed. The bullets were big so one shot was just enough and it could even take out a third tier monster. It would usually be used if they detected a movement from a fourth tier monster but for now, that was not the reason why they took it out.

“We’ve made a little progress so here’s the platoon’s mission briefing. You all know we only have two shots for the mission, right?”

“Yes. we know the total and the unlimited mission.”

Their base was filled with strong troops so the platoon knew that their power would be enough for them to succeed. The gist of their mission was to patron around the neighborhood that could possibly have monsters. They had a few gadgets in hand and with the help from the army system, they had the right mix in hand.

“Good. we’ll be destroying the next of a second tier monster and hunt 100 more for our unlimited mission. I’ll give more details as we go.”

“What kind of monsters would they be?”

Jaehwang asked and Joonghwi pointed his finger towards the horizon.

“Like the ones from over there.”

Jaehwang looked in the direction his hand was pointing. He pointed to where the military bus as well as the meadow in the distance where shadows of heads appeared and disappeared.

Human Cannon, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 48: Human Cannon 2




“The Oak army...”

“Yes, you do have good eyes. We’ll be hunting a gray wolf oak rider that bleeds black blood. They are about 10,000 strong and each one of them packs some power”

Joonghwi put on a pair of colored glasses and shook his head.

“Their civilization falls under our societal standards. Their influence was not that large but there were a few things related to them in the near east.”

“Yes, sir.”

Joonghwi soon then found their enemy and appeared to be more relaxed.

“We would usually find them during a raid but a raid like that could disturb the hills around us so we picked a place where we could just observe them with our bare eyes. Do you understand?”

“Yes, sir.”

“This part of the Alousu has similar ethnicities and power although the Oaks doesn’t seem to be unconditionally hostile towards us humans. Does anyone of you know all three of the Alousu species?”

Jaehwang then shook his head in response to Joonghwi’s question since he knows quite a lot about its giant species. The most that he had seen were the ones that they were looking at the moment. They boast with their great strength and high rates of reproduction, they were the most common here in Alousu. They were loyal to their pillage economy and even if they were sometimes uncivilized, they were able to dominate the continent through physical supremacy.

They had established a beautiful civilization in the past but they had lost it due to their continuous war with the other races. They were left to walk a broken path despite their place still left looking fine. Some of the Lizardmen, their race, was then turned to slaves.

It was still possible to communicate with a relatively peaceful race of monsters through a native and a human. It was the most peaceful assault that they could think of since they weren’t on the friendliest terms. However, the nation from all parts of the gble came in contact in an attempt to learn more about their world.

-Tell the platoon reader that there should be an Oak rider captured at the front in about seven kilometers and two o’clock of our current position. The guard had just been changed.

They guessed that a hostile group of Oak raiders would come but Joonghwi’s voice remained perfectly calm.

“They are clever people. They were more intelligent than other monsters and they could put up a good fight against us. We need to recheck our range, start to it up when we’re down to two kilometers before we chase them. We may have a machine gun but it doesn’t mean that we should jus twaste our ammo. The noise alone is enough to put our position at risk from high ranked monsters.”

Jaehwang nodded and looked at the machine gun sitting inside its case. All of the weapons that they prepared could attract the monsters lurking around them especially that the noise that it produces could be clearly heard even a few kilometers away.

Click... Whiii...

Jaehwang brought in a 30mm machine gun after the one side of the ceiling of the military bus had been opened. There were people standing in that place but he was already thought of everything he needed to know by Choi Hyun. There was also the shy girl that he spoke to this morning.

“Our platoon members are all at maximum levels but the reserved hunters are not. Even though they are hunters, they don’t improve much so the reserved hunters will attack first. Sit here.”

Jaehwang then put down the machine gun and sat down.

“It’s a projectile that explodes in contact with air. It works with the bow affiliation skill and had its advantages compared to other weapons although its effecting range is pretty short, it could only go about 1000 meters. Some people are not good with it and some haven’t even tried using it, but if there comes a time, there would be one or two people here that would use it. Do you understand?”

“Yes but, Is that a good way to go?”

Jaehwang said as he looked at the weapon beside Joonghwi. The others who were there had the same thought except for Mingyeong who was overwhelmed by her shyness.

“Huh... When did you lose your mind?...”

Joonghwi said before he took a deep breath.

“What’s the problem?”

Joonghwi asked Jaehwang as he looked over towards the Oak raiders.

“You were supposed to serve as our platoon’s main healer and you were discharged to start anew. You had two special ranked healer skills and were pulled into our clan, why are you doing this now?”

He paused for a moment and looked over at MinGyeong.

“Do you have battle panic disorder?”

“Huh? Battle panic disorder?”

Jaehwang asked back. He used to hunt monsters all the time so he couldn’t imagine having a condition like that. Some hunters that were taught in the academy fell down for the same issue and some couldn’t be even cured anymore. Hundreds of them were forced to drop and retire, it turned out to be worse compared to anger management issues.

“I see... I guess you don’t know if you have a panic disorder. I couldn’t tell when I first saw you but the more I think about that earlier battle, I’m starting to think that you had it in you. It’s not that bad but your healing skills had failed so a few people still got injured.”

“Do you want to go back and redo the basics? There are still a few places where we could get ourselves a better healer”

“He’s right but I guess he could do it. A healer that can’t heal won’t be great for our team after all. Your parents must have been killed by monsters when you were little and that may have resulted in trauma, if not, then maybe revenge. It could always show up and it doesn’t always happen during battles. We don’t have much time on our hands to get a new healer so for the meantime, we’ll try to take you with us. Would you be able to do something about it in time?

He said as he looked at Jaehwang’s eyes.

“However, leveling up is really important for you. So you better hurry and improve the stability of our platoon.”

Jaehwang gave them a nod as soon as Joonhwi stopped talking. Joongwhi as the conductor didn’t like the idea of enforcing the platoon’s management policies but leveling him was his top priority. He could be seen as a little self-centered but if he was, then he wouldn’t help MinGyeong that much.

Jaehwang kept an eye on him as he looked towards the Oak Riders. They were about 3 kilometers ahead, he tracked something obliquely triangle shaped and the guy leading them seemed quite experienced. Just as Joonghwi said, he hoped that a high-quality fight would cling onto his serious members.

Of course, he didn’t have to wait that long.

“Now should I explain the goal here?”

“Any questions?”

“Does it matter if I take all of those?”

“Haha. It doesn’t matter. But wouldn’t you rather borrow them? It could be terrifying meeting them in the future.”

Joonghwi answered shook his head and laughed at Jaehwang’s question. Jaehwang then gave him a nod and got up from his seat. He headed towards the right and put on his shooting gloves with a gentle gold colored cover suit. His hands turned red from his tight angry grip and end of the gimlet was as sharp as a knife.

“I guess he’s in good condition.”

[Ed Mareukanen – Laser stoma] – Special Rank

Bow: 4000 Pounds

Maximum Range: 4000 Meters

Effective Range: 1500 Meters

Material quality: Master

Special Abilities:

Acceleration (Rank A)

Acceleration (Rank B)

Acceleration (Rank B)

Acceleration (Rank B)

He put down the arrow in his hand and looked at the cover suit that he was wearing. If it wasn’t for GwanJae’s help then that masterpiece of a cover suit would have never existed. Although it wasn’t materially received, GwanJae used his personal connections in Finland to get an expert to produce it.

GwanJae was the person who introduced the Laser Mareukanen and got it custom-built through a friend. Jaehwang was also able to get a newly made bow because of him.

But of course, Jaehwang still had to cover all the expenses. The fact that he treated his ancestor’s bow terribly caused him a tremendous amount of stress so he planned to do his best to take care of his new one. After surviving in the Alousu for two years he spent half of his time gathering energy as well as money and gave half of it to GwanJae for the custom-made bow that costs 120 million dollars.

The cover suit was also specially made and was pretty expensive, having a price that almost reached up to 80 million dollars. There were other weapons offered in the Alousu but the prices were terrible after the mine development had begun. All that he had left from his wage was 40 million. He doubted that it would be enough to just enchant it with his skills, the arrows were not just a terrible work of craftsmanship, it was also made from a poor-quality material.

He then started to question the place where he was. After they had finished doing Jaehwang’s requested arrows, the Alcohol poisoning commander started to work on a different project and disappeared. Jaehwang was then deluded to think that his arrow was made by heart, soul and lots of energy. It had the most average design but it had two handles attached to it due to the manufacturer’s mistake.

There was a big accident. He wanted an enchanted bow to strengthen the effects of his skills so they directly produced its arrows through an enchanted scroll. That usually works but that caused an overlap of effects and ruined everything that they had done so far. He had terrible luck but the what he had was the standard of light enchantments. It packed an amazing power.

When the manufacturer reached its peak, the option overlapped twice and because of that, the acceleration level changed four times.

“It’s a special arrow.”

Joonghwi then handed Jaehwang a special bow and he took while he was still unaware of its power. There was a chance that he would have a hard time using those arrows, especially now that they were inside a military bus from a metropolitan city.

Jaehwang didn’t want to stop. It was possible to work with its range but then it needs to enchant by the silent active skill to increase its speed for the long distance shot. Unfortunately, things had turned for worse as he started to take a deep breath.

-The first opening.

-Right. This should help.

-I see.

There was a limitless amount of energy surged through the bowstring as he pointed the arrow to his enemies.

Whoosh...

He overcame about 400 pounds of tension and used as much strength as he possibly could. His energy level was currently at 4.5, the blow turned out to be strong but he still had a hard time drawing it.

“What’s that?”

Joonghwi tried to ask Jaehwang but he was too late.

‘Unique exploding arrow’

Swoosh... Panggg!!!

Joonghwi covered his face as soon as Jaehwang let go of the string.

Swoosh!!

They could hear the sound of the arrow flying through the wind. Joonghwi stopped talking the moment he saw it pierce through the wall of air. The arrow was slow. It obviously couldn’t be compared to a bullet being that slow. However, he wondered if he could really call that as an arrow.

There was a sonic boom, the felt a pulse of energy when he released the arrow from his hand, it drew an arc-shaped trail over the sky and when it landed...

Kwang...

The bus was greeted by a huge disaster. The arrow itself didn’t seem to explode but then an explosion happened in the middle of their group and collapsed the formation of the Oak Raiders. There were about two to ten people who weren’t shocked in the slightest and the remaining ones were left in confusion.

Human Cannon 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 49: Antimatter Modification




“The distance is long, it will take a lot of energy.”

Jaehwang had estimated of what he needed to spend as he pulled the string. He had done it so that his energy would be enough to cover the distance between them. He didn’t say that it would be a silent arrow, it still had made a lot of noise but it was nothing that he should worry about.

Pang! Pang!

Woosh! Woosh!

He shot another arrow and it flew towards the remaining oak riders leaving nothing but a trail of smoke instead of exploding just like what happened before.

There were other people sitting within the distance or three kilometers. It was hard to cover that kind of distance and it was even hard to divide their formation but somehow, his shot went through.

“Wow...”

The only thing that Joongwhi could do was stare. He couldn’t believe what he saw. In all his years of being a hunter, he had only met one other person that had the same skills as his. However, it was obvious that this newcomer had a lot of experience in his choice of weapon, it was something that he had never considered before.

Pang!

Woosh!

The arrow flew by with an intense power and made an explosion at the back of those raider’s heads. A few remaining big grey wolves scurried away since they couldn’t follow what was going on.

Whiii...

Click... Click...

Jahwang’s enhanced his shots with his magic and made Joonghwi feel like as if the ground was shaking every time he draws his bow and releases his arrows.

“Uh... It’s a bit shaky, isn’t it?...”

He could hear its deafening sound and he could feel its impact pulsing from his feet up to his head. It was like he was being reminded how powerful Jaehwang was with every shot.

‘Would we be able to shake them off and change their course even if we’re shooting them from three kilometers away?’

-Yeah.

-Wait!

-I should stop for a bit

-I’ll sort them all out first. I should stop. My hands are aching.

-Okay.

Jooghwi was still being startled every time he takes his shot even though he had already watched it a couple of times. He then had a puzzled expression when he saw the monsters putting away their cover suit. Choi and MinGyeong also looked at the same direction and their mouths were opened wide by surprise. .

“It’s weird...”

“Yes, sir.”

“Can we... give a little advice?”

Jaehwang shook his head at Joonghwi’s question but even he was speechless on what just happened. Both of them then talked as the other platoon members went out to gather the remaining oak raiders.

“I’ve never seen anything like that, was that thing real?”

The monsters were than gathered in a line and Joonghwi then aimed for their heads. Second tier monsters, third tier monsters and every monster that were assembled there died on the spot via headshots. Some of them were able to endure the first shot but he followed it up by shooting their legs as soon as he noticed his mistakes. Some of the monsters had good defensive skills but none of them could move after getting hit by that lethal blow.

Teuk...Teuk...

He pulled an arrow out of the head of one of the monsters.He wanted to be sure if the arrows had some secret behind it’s immense power but soon enough, he noticed that it was just a small common arrow. It was light and there was nothing special about it, it looked like an item that he could easily find in the market.

“Let’s try adding some weight to it.”

“Okay.”

The rear end of the armed bus had a trailer that was filled with monster hunting equipment. They couldn’t just move it in a short notice since all of the necessities that were stored inside of it. The oaks were an expensive thing that they had to sell. After they had finished shooting them one by one, Joongwhi maintained his calm demeanor and walked with Jaehwang towards their lifeless bodies.

“We’ll have to use our navigation system again.”

Joonghwi then shared a few tips and tricks with Jaehwang that left him with a surprised look even after he stopped talking.

“So you’re a Debauzer that had a knack for shooting while you’re still preparing you’re healing skills.”

“Maybe... do we need to put a limit on our shooting distance?”

Asked Mingyu. Jaehwang then remembered the maximum distance that he could cover. He knew himself that he could still shoot further than that but he couldn’t risk damaging his hands while doing so. He wondered for a moment of the distance should be lowered since long distance shots were sometimes useless and takes a lot of work as well as energy to pull off.

:”Four kilometers.”

“...”

“Are you crazy?!... Uh... sorry.”

All of the other hunters was gathered around him and he didn’t want to disappoint any of them. He could sense that there were people there that could shoot up to a hundred kilometers. Covering four kilometers was difficult, he could shoot a certain static object within that distance and that would only make it reasonable. He could potentially hurt his hands by doing so but none could deny that it packed a lot of power.

“Are you sure we should do it here?...”

Asked Choi. If he could do the same thing, he would just get himself into their nation’s clan and earn a bundle of money out of the jobs being offered all around the world. That thought made him laugh, he already had tons of money so he could easily turn that down. His plan was to make money on his own until he gets to join a clan of his choice.

He still couldn’t manage his special abilities until then. He didn’t think that he would be entering a dimension gate like that one he was in at the moment.

“I don’t like what it’s affiliated to.”

Jaehwang said with a cold voice, making everyone around him confused until Joongwhi broke the awkward silence that he conjured.

“Watch this video, everyone...”

He went into the bus and got the monitor out before he pressed a button to turn it on. The oaks soon appeared in the screen accompanied by their surroundings that looked like it was just hit by a calamity.

“Was that an exploding arrow?...”

“Yes and it uses a lot of energy just to make it explode”

“Wow.”

They couldn’t help but react at Jaehwang’s answer.

Everyone was surprised. It wasn’t just a simple shooting skill. The first arrow left the oaks with a huge cloud of smoke. The explosion was made out of pure force, It didn’t contain any flames and as just he said, he clearly had a powerful skill.

Just as he said...

“It’s just like a gun.”

He was confident that his skill was stronger compared to his skills yesterday and watching that video made him want to even get better. He thought Jaehwang as a human cannon.

“Okay everyone, pay attention...”

Joonghwi then gathered everyone and cleared his throat before he spoke.

Because of what just happened, they had to stay low and discuss the result of what they just saw while getting everyone’s opinion.

“??”

“Our goal is to get stronger... We need to level up immediately.”

“...”

Everyone fell silent. They still couldn’t believe what just happened, they wouldn’t be there just for a few days but the other reserved hunters seemed like they were already forgotten. If they were in a different platoon then they would had just to adjust and adapt then that would have made more sense. There was just one one thing that they were all wondering about, they were all asking about how strong could that human cannon get.

“It’s scarier than I thought... a Debauzer...”

He seemed like a Gagseog but he himself didn’t understand why he called himself that even though he seemed more of a Debauzer.

“Ah... Let’s save all the admiration for later and let’s modify our plan right now.”

After that, he spoke with Jaehwang before he moved on to the other platoon leaders.

“With just one word, we would give our money to this one here.”

Said by instructor Seongyun, the hunters that were affiliated with the army were just hired soldiers with circumstances. It was obvious that money was their goal.

“Listen closely, the reconnoitering scale can track 100 animals within its range.”

“Wow... One hundred animals...”

Yang Haye who acted as the platoon’s military discipline president got nervous. He was surprised to know that their platoon could shoot up to one hundred animals. He thought that escaping would be better than to use their 30 mm machine gun since it creates a lot of noise.

“So what do you think we should do in the future?”

Choi Hyun asked.

“Maybe we could leave our base and leave everything to Justin point.”

“What?!”

Everyone was surprised at what Joonghwi said. Justin point was associated with the US and Korea ten years ago and that’s where it’s name came from. The Korean army managed the base 716. The US and Korea ruled differently but they ruled together, it ended up as a place with a small tax rate and a big settling city filled with modern facilities.

“So were going to base 716?...”

Seongyun asked in a worried tone. The affiliated platoon was originally honed at their own base. The base 716 could build up a huge army on their own and take charge of all the monster hunting missions. It was all left between a commander and his close friend.

“Wait. Of course were affiliated to base 716 but someone could get hurt on the way.”

He mentioned an anonymous person and Joonghwi started to laugh. Everyone else tilted their heads while they looked at him in agreement. No one knew why Joongwhi found it funny.

“How would we ever have the strength for it...”

“Would that stupid commander and his assistant allow it?”

“I thought about that too.”

They both then looked and Jaehwang in a strange way.

-The affiliated platoon said that they want to go to Justin point?

“Yes.”

-Hm... Okay. It won’t be difficult. Believe and trust the others and by the way, how is it living together with everyone.?

“It’s going good.”

-Good to hear.... Okay, see you tomorrow. Wait, Jaehwang?

“Yes, Grandfather?”

-When you start working, don’t call me. Just continue on as usual.

-I’m sorry. It’s just that you’ll be busy...”

-And it’ll be hard inside the gate so you’ll need to focus okay?

“Okay, Grandfather.”

Click...

Jaehwang hung up the phone and tears started to well up in his eyes. Joonghwi saw him and asked him a question of out curiosity.

“What’s wrong?”

“We’ll be moving till tomorrow.”

“Come here...”

He then couldn’t be anymore surprised.

“...Of course...”

“Wow... I didn’t know it would be a few days but... everyday... will we not hear about the antimatter modification until the end?”

The others were confused and even though he didn’t really answer anything about his phone call, they were still surprised. They doubted him at first but they didn’t know that had strong personal connections as well. Some of them even wondered if he knew the president of korea as well.

“He’s GwanJae’s grandson...”

“Ha... What are they gonna make us do?”

“I have no idea.”

Joonghwi was actually the one who doubted it. He was the one who told Jaehwang about Justin point and where to find it. If one were to look in a certain direction of the earth then he/she would know that there were a type of ROK-US combined forces within the Gaema Heights. It was filled with weapons from the US army that serves as a bait in that neighborhood.

That base was wrongfully bought by base 716 but on the bright side, that place didn’t have any monsters. The best thing about that was that those who came to hunt monsters won’t be monitored. The leader as well as his assistant were in the middle of a war and none could stop it. They didn’t have to worry about anything in Justin point.

It was usually a ridiculous task. What he said was great but it felt like he was like running away. An army anywhere in the world could move their platoon however they wanted and even though Joonghwi didn’t want to submit to the military law, there was nothing that they could do.

However, a task like that could be simply said and done by anyone.

“We’ll do this and call it ‘Preferred topography’.”

“We can do it right away. Joonghwi might run into something he hates there.”

“Right. That’ll be great.”

The affiliated troops suddenly changed their tone but they weren’t agitated about what he said. The platoon members believed in him and listened what Joongwhi had to say.

Refusing that impractical mission was pretty daring. They prioritized and evaluated their safety like the other platoons so they didn’t want to commit to the mission. He would have to completely move their platoon members and forget whatever it was that he hated when he got there.

“So now we have to make a traveling plan. We have to come up with something promising and level up. Then the plan will be complete. Let’s do well. That is our goal from now on.”

-Jaehwang...

-Huh?

-I can’t help you...

-My grandfather said to use flexibility. Wouldn’t it be ridiculous for me to not put any use to it?

Antimatter Modification, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 50: Strong Arrow




The bus came to a stop and the platoon members got off one by one. They all wore their army outfits accompanied by giant backpacks and protective shields. With their weapons ready in hand, they quickly went into formation.

“Has everyone already packed their hunter equipment?”

“Yes, sir. We have everything we need.”

“Good. It might not be enough so there’s a chance that we would have to settle everything with close-combat instead of retreating.. Keep that in mind.”

“Yes, sir!”

He then went towards Jaehwang after he finished talking with the other platoon members.

“I would do a quick briefing but I’ll just tell you again. There’s a small village across this low valley and the place would be crawling with animals. There could be up to 300 of them but by all means, we could only hunt 100 of them at most.”

“How long would it take?”

“They said that it’ll take thirty about minutes.”

“Okay. We’ll ready our best weapons to protect our group once we start the attack. So don’t worry, we’ll be able to handle it.”

“Got it.”

Jaehwang looked ahead as Joonghwi continued with his explanation. The place was humid and sometimes he could see a cloud of steam floating around them as they moved towards the village.

“Let’s go!”

They all followed Joonghwi’s command and all of them disappeared one at a time into the dark woods ahead of them.

“Install two police car lines!”

“Installation complete!”

The platoon heard his voice and they all moved according to his instructions. They cut off a few tree branches with their bare hands and made a hidden trap by tieing a long wire to a nearby tree. They then installed explosive pipes underground as a finishing touch. The oaks were born with an intensive knowledge of a huntsman, thus, all of them could not lower their guard.

“Let’s go.”

“Yes, sir.”

Joongwhi glanced over at Jaehwang as they walked through a steep slope further down the path.

‘He’s really is a unique person’

Jaehwang kept his silence as they went on their way to cross the mountain through a rainforest. The humidity of their surroundings had made the ground slippery but they didn’t have a hard time even though they had been carrying their gears on their backs.

It wasn’t long before their journey had started to increase its difficulty now that they would have to give more care into their steps especially in this kind of topography.

‘But still, who is he?.’

He felt like he didn’t know anything about his new platoon member. He called him to his side, he talked to him in all hopes of understanding him. He wanted to know him better, the only problem was that Jaehwang didn’t seem to want that at all. He soon got lost in his thoughts and was caught looking at him.

“What is it?”

He didn’t say anything and just answered with a hand signal.

‘There’s three up ahead waiting for an ambush’

Joonghwi lowered his body and gave a signal for the other platoon members. He knew that they would have yet to experience that so he looked again at Jaehwang and gave another signal.

‘Focus.’

Joonghwi acknowledged Jaehwang’s signal as he kept his eyes on the three arrows on his hand.

‘Guided Arrow...’

Swoosh Swoosh Swoosh!!!

The three arrows disappeared into the forest and soon after, they hear three beings scream.

“Done.”

Joonghwi was left speechless. They continued to walk further into the forest with keen attention to their surroundings and they then discovered something.

“Huh...”

They had found three dead oak animals with arrows sticking out of their bodies. The surrounding trees were left in a terrible condition, it seems that they did their best to try and shake it off.

“Looks like they were able to sense them.”

“Uh... How do we fix this?”

Seongyun asked Jaehwang as he looked at the corpses in front of them. Two of them were covered in a pile of leaves and one was completely on sight. The thing that took their concern was that they saw a thing coming out of the Oak’s temple within the distance.

Seongyun then looked over to Jaehwang as soon as she noticed that there were traces of arrows left on his hands.

“You could tell them where to go?”

“I don’t have to go that far though, I could only just control the movements of my arrows.”

They all stopped in the middle of the path until Joonghwi got out of his thought and caught up with them.

“Let’s hide them. Quickly, we don’t have any time to waste!”

“Yes, sir.”

All of them wished that they could have just packed them but they were already carrying so many things for their mission. They rolled a tree down a steep cliff, picked two towering trees to serve as a lookout point and built a fence around it. They saw one big house at the center of the village and they also saw some oak soldiers repairing their hunting equipment.

The young ones seemed to be gathered inside a room and the older ones were enjoying their time basking in the sun. The village would have looked to be very much in peace with their surroundings so serene if weren’t for the pile of dull white human skeletons dumped in the middle of an empty field.

“We’ll have to check the 300 of them one by one.”

Said Seongyun.

“It looks like their numbers could even reach up to 500 without even counting the ones staying inside their houses. We would still be able to put our defenses but there wasn’t this many when we came here last time.”

“There’s been lots of prey moving around recently so maybe there’s a chance that their boundaries had become loose.”

“Good. That makes it easier for us.”

They looked at their seemingly peaceful and happy lives. They looked at themselves as invaders who were tasked to eliminate the oaks instead of trying to make peace or coexist with them. In the end, they couldn’t really tell if they were trying to understand them or if they were trying to make a zoo out of them.

Their force had been there for 60 years. The generation mashup had caused death to a lot of humans but it cost the lives of many monsters as well. Some people were brainwashed and controlled and they took over without a shred of sympathy for those who they kill. Countless of people were then condemned for the brainwashing and they were thrown out of society.

“It’s time to shoot... Hold your fire when I give the signal and try to divide your shots. Be careful not to waste any ammo”

“Yes, sir.”

Each of the platoon members took out their weapons. All they had was the noisy CAR816 assault rifle and a grenade launcher. A CAR817 model was supposed to be handed out as a suitable weapon compared to the CAR818 that they had but it was pushed back since a lot of troops were recruited. The series of firearms that came into their hands was long and a lot of variations hand come out.

They all stepped back and sat next to the assigned attacker for the day which was Jaehwang.

“Let’s get going. Stay on the lookout. The main entrance and the back door needs some guarding. Be prepared to shoot anything that comes close. We can do it, right?”

“Yes. but, how will we get there?”

Jaehwang asked.

They weren’t exactly sure about what they would see when they arrived. He didn’t learn much about the oaks in the academy except that sometimes, a fourth tier oak would casually appear. The leader had said that there was only one animal left and although it wasn’t neutralized, they said that it was useless. A second tier oak would just be a walk in the park but a fourth tier one would prove to be much more difficult.

“Normally we would concentrate everything on our firepower and throw in a few smokescreens to retreat but I want to hear your suggestion.”

Joonghwi said to Jaehwang.

“I’ll handle it.”

“Okay. we’ll believe in you.”

Joonghwi wasn’t surprised at Jaehwang’s answer. He wouldn’t want to handle a fourth tier monster on his own and now, all he could do was to believe in him. It hasn’t been long since they had met but he felt like he couldn’t doubt his skills.

“Okay. the previous member was able to attack successfully.”

“I see.”

Jaehwang looked ahead.

-Use the weighted arrow.

-Okay.

He chose the black weighted arrow and felt its hidden destructive power even though it was damaged. He had thought about his current limit as he took his time to adjust his bow’s string. He soon then finished his analysis with the help of the spirit so he took a deep breath and pulled the string.

Swoosh...

He pulled it with all of his strength and sent it flying at full speed.

Pong...

The stoma laser option overlapped four times as the heavy arrow approached the lookout tower at a terrible speed. Jeahwnag then followed and released another arrow without checking his targets.

Swoosh... Swoosh... Swoosh...

The arrows flew and hit its target even though it looked like it was about to crash into a house. Two had reached the watchtower and knocked down it’s guards. The troops at the main entrance got their gear but they were soon got shot down one by one. It was almost a complete wipeout.

Everything was going just as Joonghwi planned and it was all thanks to Jaehwang as he continued to release his arrows one after another.

Swoosh... Swoosh... Swoosh...

The range were about 150 to 200 meters but its power was still strong. The arrows rained on the oaks and those who were hit fell onto the ground. It seemed like it was impossible to dodge and it was impossible to endure as he continued to launch his heavy arrows from his bowstring.

“Fire simultaneously!”

Teukkk!!! Teukkk! Teukkk!!!

Jaehwang started to shoot more until some of the surviving oaks started to notice his position. They had gathered the others who were still alive to launch their attack and that’s when the other platoon members joined in.

They soon started to collapse as soon as they platoon members loaded their weapons and attacked. The place was soon covered in blood. There were many who tried to escape but they were shot down even before they got away.

More of then soon started to appear from the doors and trees with poorly-made shields on their hands. It wasn’t much but it still protected them from the platoon’s hands.

Swoosh!

Seongyun started to attack along with Jaehwang and arrows had then again rained all over the place.

“Keep shooting!”

Everyone reloaded their weapons and started shooting at the buildings.

KwangKwang!!! Kwang!

Strong Arrow, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 51: Strong Arrow 2




Their shots didn’t cause an explosion but their bullets had started to carry flames that burned anything in its wake. It hit into the trees, the houses and some oaks were set ablaze when they were caught by the bullet. Those were left were out of breath and those who were hit continued to burn even if they drowned themselves with water.

He has been shooting every oak that tried to go outside of their houses with the low-grade arrows that he got. Their escape has been cut off and they’ve been left there to wait for their demise. The village was turned into hell.

The earth and the sky began to shake due to their screams as the tall building in the middle of their village was shattered by the green flames that dragged some of its parts down the cliff.

“Watch out!”

Joongwho yelled as he saw the flame coming towards the cliff.

Pangg!!!

The cliff had started to collapse along with their makeshift base but luckily, the platoon members were already away. They took Joongwhi’s warning and packed up, they felt lucky that the flames didn’t catch up. The only problem that they have was that they could no longer siege the village at their current position.

“Is everyone okay?!”

“We’re okay.”

They couldn’t risk their lives by taking on the green flames so they could just continue to suppress them with bullets. There was no way that they could take that so their attack was halted for a moment and the oaks took that opportunity to unite. Many of them rallied out of their houses and Joonghwi had started to show a dejected look on his face.

A number of them started to advance and the one that lead them wore a heavy kind of jewelry together with light armor and a cape on its back. It also carried a skull and a small energy stick with its hands. It stepped forward with a frown and a green beam of light flowing out of its eyes.

“They have a sorcerer! This is going to be harder than I thought.”

“Are we going to set up the exploding capsule?”

“No, That would take too much time.”

Their sorcerers were not the ace up in their sleeves as scary things might seem, the had another plan. They were still weaker than a fourth tier monster but they had become more dangerous now that they had started to gather. All of them are known for their scary and aggressive characters so one could say that their greatest strength could only be brought up with numbers.

“Attack! Reload the bullets! Shoot!”

The platoon attacked them with a full swing but oaks had defended themselves with giant shields. A green aura surrounded them and blocked some of the incoming bullets, few ones were able to slip through and killed some of them but none of that mattered since more and more had begun to join their ranks.

“Darn it...”

Joonghwi just realized how strong their shields were. Even if they would have to retreat, they would have to come back since they had failed to destroy their nest and that would be much harder compared to what they just did. Their numbers as still rising up and the platoon started to notice that their bullets had slowed down.

Jaehwang then glanced at the oak sorcerer with his cold eyes as he reached for an arrow from behind.

-Spirit... help me out here for a second, please...

-Okay.

He got two arrows and knocked them on the string before launching them.

With them moving down at a high speed, Jaehwang then got another arrow and aimed at the oak sorcerer. He took a deep breath and slowly pulled the bowstring.

Then he stopped. He held his position and released the arrow after a few moments.

‘Weighted arrow’

Pang!!!

It launched off with a loud noise before Jaehwang took a few steps back. The weighted arrow was not something that he could use regularly. It was his most powerful skill and it takes a lot of strength to pull off.

Kwangg...

The arrow that Jaehwang shot rammed into their shield with a great impact. It should have knocked their defenses down but the oak sorcerer saw it from afar and made their shield stronger. The arrow did some damage but their shields were buffed to an extent that his attack didn’t cause them further harm.

The oaks had shown a moment of weakness as a result of taking the weighted arrow head on and the platoon took that opportunity to aim at their heads. Jaehwang had made his calculations and watched as a rain of arrows fall from the sky.

Twenty arrows came flying down and the oaks raised their shields to protect themselves. Jaehwang found the opening and aimed another shot towards the sorcerer. The sorcerer managed to redirect the arrow to the soldier on his side but the impact was so great that he got thrown off to a nearby wall and the one that was hit was left with a huge hole on its stomach.

Kwangg!

The wall started to collapse.

The sorcerer clutched onto his bleeding chest. He glared at Jaehwang with his cold eyes as he pointed his magical stick towards him. It looked like it was about to do something but the sorcerer collapsed after one last scream. The protection that covered him and the energy that strengthened their shields had started to disappear, their bullets could now push through once again.

“Now’s the time! Attack!”

Tuteuk...

Flames had eaten up Jaehwang’s surroundings and he was left feeling a little confused. He had an exhaustive heart of a hunter but he felt regret after the fight was over. He couldn’t risk the lives of his team but what they did was a massacre. He spent his time alone in the Alousu and he had to kill countless monsters to survive. Having the blood of a monster on his hand was nothing new but he was still naive about death until now.

He did it to survive back then but it felt like he slaughtered them for nothing. Even though he had a longing hatred for monsters inside him, this would be the sight that he wouldn’t get used to. He kept his silence until someone patted his shoulder.

“Good job, you’re better than I thought.”

It was Joongwhi. He came to talk to Jaehwang as the other platoon members packed the village’s treasures.

“Isn’t this kind of harsh?”

“...”

He stood there without saying a word.

“I don’t understand. I don’t know much about who we’re working for. They’re uncivilized compared to us but they were a little more humane. Even though I knew that they had tried to invade the earth after the mashup, I couldn’t... Now that I’ve seen this, their peaceful way of life that we just wrecked, I just couldn’t continue to hate them.”

Joonghwi then squatted down in front of the dead oaks.

“Look at it. We had completely destroyed them and we could now take all the treasures that they have. This isn’t a one-sided beatdown. Think of all the humans that they had killed. They would chew the arms and legs of every human that they could get their hands on and guess what would happen? They would scream on top of their lungs until they died.”

Jaehwang turned his head towards the bones in the distance and he felt a shiver down his spine.

“The oaks had ruled this continent for three years with their might. Even though this place looked like hell, they all did their best to defend themselves against us. They didn’t die like pigs. They fought back with all of their might even though they couldn’t beat us. Do you understand?”

“Yes.”

Jaehwang shook his head. Joonghwi had opened his eyes and he learned something new. The humans had done their best to protect themselves all this time. There was a time that thousands of oaks rallied to the human dimension gate and they were then forced to evacuate as the oaks stood their ground to protect themselves from their attacks as the humans made their escape.

They were their enemy and they were their prey.

Worse had happened in China. There was news that the oaks were being taken away from the southwest area and that work was still in progress up until today. They had a lot of hunters and guards so obviously, they couldn’t put up a fight.

China was prideful about their territories that weren’t like the others after they had destroyed a village of monsters. They had left their mark on the dimension gate by making a concrete mountain to keep trouble at bay. The Republic of Korea could do the same but the number of oaks had made a decrease and their problem was then soon fully solved.

They continued to drown themselves with thoughts until they saw an oak escaping out of the house while cradling armor in its hand.

“This is a battlefield...”

Tang! Tang!

The oak got shot in its head and chest before its lifeless body fell on the ground. Joongwhi shot it with an unchanged expression before he placed his pistol back in its holster.

“No... This is hell.”

“Boss! We’ve finished.”

They had finished looking through the treasures hiding in the burned down village. They couldn’t stay there any longer so they packed everything up and prepared for their departure.

The outcome wasn’t that bad. They salvaged the corpse and got the cape that the sorcerer wore and they soon found five canes inside of its house.

“Firstly, let us evacuate and we’ll review the valuables that we had retrieved.”

“Yes, sir.”

They got on the military bus. The bus headed south towards the Justin point as everyone took a rest from their earlier fight. Jaehwang took a break from checking his stoma laser and looked towards the driver’s seat. They were inside the border so everything seemed peaceful when he came. They all saw Jaehwang’s abilities from the fight so ever since, they’ve all decided to talk to him politely as if he was a boss.

Joonghwi who was sleeping in the back of the bus slightly opened his and closed them again.

He was sure that there couldn’t be problem now that they would have someone to act as their leader but until then, the would have to keep going until they could not anymore. He was a great leader but the title of ‘GwanJae’s grandson’ made the others take him more seriously. Things are going well for the platoon but he was sure that despite with his current abilities, Jaehwang won’t still be able to handle a fourth tier monster alone.

When it looked like it was the end for them, he shot a strong arrow that even had more power than a tank. The battle had ended with him taking out a fourth tier oak monster as well as two animals. It seemed like it was obvious that Jaehwang used an arrow specialized in long distance shooting and it looked like it had a guaranteed aim. It was just a one monster but he still took care of it with an overwhelming power. He felt lucky that Jaehwang had followed his instructions and nowt that he had thought of it, he would have to give up the hunt if he wasn’t there to help.

“Hey.”

“Do you have a special car driving license?”

Asked Peji who was driving.

“No.”

Jaehwang shook his head. He wanted to learn but he didn’t have the time.”

“Well come over here. Even though you don’t know how to drive, maybe you can read the navigation.”

“Okay.”

He then went towards the driver’s seat of the car that looked like an airplane’s control room and Peji pointed him to the passenger’s seat.

“You can sit there.”

Jaehwang sat down, put on his seatbelt and grabbed onto the handle.

“It moves fast and although there’s bulletproof reinforcement glass, the driver still has to be careful because anything could happen during a fight. So, you’re good with the handle, right?”

Strong Arrow 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 52: Rescue Mission




Jaehwang looked at the dashboard in front of him while Peji explained everything. There were surprisingly a lot of buttons and Peji pressed one of the nameless ones and continued to explain.

“This button was used during battles but we don’t need it now. First, the most important thing to learn would be navigation. Everyone should learn the basics, right?”

Peji said pointing to a button to the right of the driver’s seat.

“It updates you on where the monster had moved when you’re tracking it. It’s one of its most important features so keep that in mind okay?”

“Right. It’s something very important for a hunter. Taking care of the navigation is very important or else everything could go wrong.”

Peji continued to talk and Jaehwang just shook his head in agreement. The navigation tracks all of the movements in a battle, it’s something that they utilize the most.

“It would be good to put in any kind of information in regards with the monsters outside. Even though you might know where it came from, double check everything just to be sure. And for this button, never press this one. It for the update system and by pressing it once it would never do anything else except that until it’s done. And for this button...”

Deukk... Deuk... Deuk...

Peji went on until a button at the top of the dashboard flickered with a red light and made a beeping noise. He then pressed the button and they heard the voice of a woman coming out of the panel.

-...Support request... ZX5TRA193521... I repeat... Support request... ZX5TRA193521

“Side ZX... Let’s see...”

“Looks like it was an attack.”

Joonghwi said as he walked towards the driver’s seat and turned on the navigation. He then pressed a few buttons and the red light was then replaced by a blue one.

“What’s going on? I see the coordinate but... If it’s a fifth tier monster then it’ll be really dangerous.”

It sent out the information about a support request for battle. It included the target details as well as its coordinates and when interpreted, it shows that they need assistance fighting a fifth tier monster. Another problem was that there was R in the center of the monster’s number and they had no idea what it meant.

Joonghwi took a deep breath and folded his arms and Peji’s question.

“Let’s wait for 10 minutes. It will be difficult for the team. Someone could get terribly hurt.”

“Okay.”

Peji shook his head and focused on the panel.

10 minutes passed by and just as Joonghwi said, the answer for the support request appeared.

“Hm...It’s a still battle. Okay, looks like we can trust it... It’ll be a long road, let’s work hard.”

“Yes, sir.”

The road to the Justin point was long and boring, the dreary environment of the Alousu didn’t’ help as well. The bus had a hard time going down the steep slope and everyone felt like that they had just spent thirty minutes moving around in circles.

A patrol mission was surprisingly boring. Things have been quite dull after the first day when they went to destroy the oaks but that wasn’t just a normal oak patrol battle. Two-thirds of their troops would remain inside the military bus every day and there was nothing left for them to do. There were no places where they could wash up and there were no bathrooms inside the bus.

They would set up cots when they sleep and even though they weren’t tired the next day as much as before, Jaehwang still wasn’t sure if we would make it out of the Alousu in the end.

Of course, he had a reason for that but after spending so much time inside of the military bus with the other members, he wanted something new.

“Starting from here to here, we’ll push ahead.”

Jina said as she pointed her finger onto the destination that appeared on the tablet. Numerous zigzag lines had then started to appear on top of it.

“Peji, the route is set up well so we should avoid any contact with a monster. It should be fine because even the monsters try to avoid us. But in the meantime, until we get there, keep your eyes peeled since there could be a high ranked monster lurking somewhere.”

“Okay.”

“Any questions?”

Jina asked and the destination that showed on Jaehwang’s tablet pointed towards the south which was covered by a black shadow.

“What about here?”

“Hmm... that’s Daesurim. We should avoid that as much as we can. If we go any further that way then we could run into a swarm of fifth or seventh tier monsters... and on the west, there’s an ocean and a dead end.”

“I see.”

Jaehwang shook his head and looked at the place covered with the black shadow. That was the place that Jaehwang lived during his two years of stay in the Alousu. It was a deep and endless sea of giant trees. That was the place where he used to hunt fifth tier monsters. The giant that saved him from that bird never left him alone until the day where he made his escape.

Someone then came and asked him a question.

“And by the way, do you have a girlfriend?”

Jina asked nudging his shoulder. He then looked up and answered.

“Yes.”

She looked at him with curiosity but after his answer, she hesitated and straightened out her back.

“Oh... Of course... that’s great.”

She looked a little sad but she soon fixed her expression.

“Where do you live? Seoul?”

“Yes.”

Jaehwang just quickly answered all her questions but she continued to talk and asked him more questions.

“Jina, It’s your turn.”

He said after tapping Jina on her shoulder. She checked the time and walked up the ladder leading to the room with disappointment. Jaehwang soon started stretching and then Peji glanced over.

“You can relax. That’s a newcomer.”

“I can’t.”

Jaehwang didn’t think that his influence had fallen but he knew that they would think differently of if they knew more. Peji was in the veteran army of Gagseogs so Jaehwang could relax around him but the presence of Jungkuk and Mingyu still makes him uncomfortable. The main reason was that he thought that they were just acting this way because they knew that he was GwanJae’s grandson.

Joonghwi was a level four ranked hunter in the platoon and aside from that, he was also a Debauzer with mysterious abilities. Jaehwang didn’t seem powerful at first but even though he proved himself, they weren’t happy with it.

“You’re our friend helping us on this mission. You’re not like the others, it’s okay to relax.”

Junguk then glanced over towards Jaehwang who gave back a strange look. He didn’t know him well but he still agreed to what he said.

“Wow, you’re with the Gagseog army. Your name...?”

“Mau Dongchol... I’ve been in the Gagseog army for three years so far. I have spent my time searching in the Seoul gate.”

Jaehwang felt anxious so he asked him a question. It has been a long time since he had a talk with his friend. He tried to contact him many times when they went on their separate ways. All that he mentioned was that he had the gagseog procedure and investigated a gate, more of their past seemed vague.

“Dongchol...Dongchol....”

He kept repeating his name to make sure that he was his childhood friend.

“Do I know you?”

“I don’t think so.”

They had no time to waste. He decided to go alone with nothing but the help of GwanJae and his friend Dongchol seemed to have strangely forgotten about their past.

“Take this, it’s a communication network just in case anyone has a question.”

“Thanks.”

Jaehwang received the communication network from Jonguk and bowed. They didn’t want anyone to die but just in case something happened they would need a way to alert the others.

They then heard a familiar voice from the dashboard.

-...Rescue request... ST5TRA239411... I repeat... Resque request... ST5TRA239411

“A rescue request.”

Joonghwi said with a serious tone. The support request and the rescue request were wrong. It seems that they had made a mistake when they had called for support in their raid.

“Where’s the observer? Was it a small scale battle? Ugh, Let’s take a look first, we can’t act as if we haven’t already come all this way. Everyone! Prepare for battle, it’s a fifth tier monster. Jongkuk, Mingyu, and Hyungjoo, get that machine gun ready. It might end up to be settled by hand-to-hand combat but inspect each of your weapons. Jaehwang and Minyeong, prepare to gather the casualties!”

“Got it!”

Everyone listened to Joonghwi’s orders and moved. Jaehwang and Mingyeong also got to work on their task. Dust had gathered on her fingers as she packed her weapons from inside her locker. Everyone was moving quickly but she was just there standing blankly. Jaehwang noticed that something was wrong.

“Are you okay?”

He placed his hand on her shoulder. She was startled but she got back her focus thereafter and went on to pack her things again.

“Uh, yeah... I’m fine.”

She said she was okay but she looked extremely pale.

Jaehwang then turned over to let Joongwhi know.

“I don’t think Mingyeong is feeling so well...”

Mingyeong then looked back at Jaehwang and shouted.

“I-I can do it!”

Joonghwi then walked towards them to see what was wrong. He then took a close look at her face to see if there was any problem.

“You should stay here and rest.”

“I can do it!”

“You need to stay! You can help with the dashboard.”

She didn’t want to disobey Joonghwi so she went towards the dashboard. Her face turned red, she scowled at him and yelled at Jaehwang again.

“What’s your problem! I’m fine... Ugh!”

“Okay relax everyone. We can’t turn back, everyone needs to be in good health.”

Everything then settled down and they were able to continue on with the preparations.

“We can do it you guys. Let’s take it slow.”

Mingyeong shook her head in disappointment. He walked over to her and gave her a pat on her shoulder.

Rescue Mission, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 53: Rescue Mission 2




KwangKwang!

Everyone in the big van screamed when it came into a crash as it spun and rolled around in circles.

“Leader! What do we do?!”

“What’s going on?!”

“The left control had come off!”

“Everyone! Go to your left!”

He shouted. Everyone then instantly moved without any hesitation. Someone then tore off the iron plate on the right window and opened it.

“I can’t breath!”

“Aren’t you a healer!”

“It doesn’t mean that I would always be fine either!”

One person from the passenger’s and the driver seat looked like they were about to faint. One of them covered a hole near him with his hand before he yelled over to the guy next to him.

“We’re going to die!!”

“Did we get attacked?!”

“We were travelling just fine!, why would someone attack us?!”

“What if we die?!”

“Hey! Quiet down!”

“You guys, stop fighting!”

The van had turned into a total chaos as the time continued to pass by. The navigation said that it was a composite attack but it seemed bigger than that since they got propelled by the impact. Everything was just going so well, it was quite an experience for the 16 people that were inside the bus.

Attached to the big van was a trailer full of expensive monster corpses. Three of them were the animals that they had hunter earlier. The end of their raids had been announced so they were on the right side of the van partying and drinking to celebrate. That became a problem.

They shot their guns and riddled their bus’ ceiling to salute their victory. They also shot the 20mm machine gun for fun and that caused a disturbance on the area that they traversed. Everyone inside thought that they should have been more thoughtful of the noise that they caused.

The attack really wasn’t that bad compared to the worst-case scenario that had been imprinted on their minds. The monster wasn’t serverly hungry when it attacked the bus but they still had to be careful of getting hurt. Even though they were good at hunting, going out with a wound would still be hard to deal with. They had been through intense raids these past days so that’s why they didn’t think of anything else when they celebrated with their guns.

Eujiik...

Their roof was then torn apart. They tried to regain control over to their left side but then they had felt something had been broken.

“When are we going to get there?!”

“I don’t know! Ugh... It must have been over an hour since then...”

It had only been about ten minutes since the signal had been sent but for them, it felt like an hour.

The attack still went on and they all felt like their bus would soon break up in half. It bit through every inch of its metal frame and now, its fangs managed to reach someone’s leg.

“Argh!”

“Leader!”

“Oh no!”

The leader’s leg was bitten. They tried to strike the monster with a sword but then the monster retracted its mouth and dragged him outside.

“Ahhh!”

The leader screamed on top of his lungs as his blood splattered everywhere along with his limbs. One female platoon member saw it and she couldn’t stop herself from vomiting. She started to scream, she and their leader had a fling going on.

“He’s being eaten... Someone!”

One guy yelled but no one had the energy to do anything. It wasn’t that they were happy about the leader being eaten, they just wished that they would attack the other trailer instead. Three people had already died out of group 10 since it happened. One had died due to friendly fire while they were driving and another guy had died as well. Two of their members had fainted and the remaining ones were left panicking.

The monster had finished chewing its food and walked forward. It was following a scent from somewhere but it had no idea about what it was supposed to find since it sadly missed the things inside the trailer. The monsters had traveled far and it came for nothing, it was very hungry and it needed something to eat.

Its hunger died because of the human meat that it had eaten and it remembered its babies waiting inside its nest. It then decided to bring something home to them. It tore off huge chunks of iron with its mouth and moved them away. They were quite heavy but it moved them slowly. It then made its entrance and thought happily about feeding them to its babies. It then flew away thereafter towards the direction of its offsprings but then, it felt a great pain surging from its wings.

PangPang!

It unfortunately dropped its prey but it continued to fly.

It felt a flame passing by at the bottom of its foot and it was about to fall down but it spread and flapped its wings with a greater force to fly higher. The area was very low so it flew close to the ground but it aimed to fly higher and higher and focused on getting to its destination instead of dealing with the pain.

A new box of goods appeared in the same place but the damage that it suffered was too severe at the moment.

The monster continued to fly with all its strength. It then made a landing to its nest where its children were. Even though it had a difficult time going back, the monster wasn’t worried. They were aiming at it while it was flying but the monster didn’t suffer from any wounds.

It have never experienced anything like that before but it wasn’t scared. It just thought that it could have been worse. It spat the person it ate out of its mouth and it was then suddenly shot in the head.

“A 400 meter shotgun attack!”

PongPongpogPong!!!

They continued their attack from a distance. They aimed their sniper rifles towards the monster and caused incomparable damage compared to their machine gun.

The monster screamed and fell from midair. It tried to get itself back but the humans pressed on with their attacks.

Pong! PongPong!

It rotated in the air and tried to dodge the but two bullets managed to make its mark. They went on with their assault but it maneuvered itself and made a clever escape.

“Cease artillery attack 1! Continue artillery attack 2! Don’t let it get away! Start attacking on its right!”

Joonghwi commanded them to not lose the monster. It kept trying to get away even though it was starting to fall down the slope. They kept shooting but the monster eventually got itself back in the air once again.

“Aim!”

Joonghwi shouted and Jonguk adjusted the ground-to-air missile and aimed it at the monster. It was a very expensive weapon that they have yet to use but going against that monster was a situation that calls for its use.

Joonghwi watched the monster with a pair of binoculars. It flew with its feathered wings and was about to get out of their range.

“It escaped. Stop the attack!”

They then stopped their machine guns at Joonghwi’s orders. It was unfortunate that they couldn’t continue their hunt and it wasn’t easy for them to see it get away. They would have succeeded if it was afraid but the monster turned its head in the opposite direction and escaped.

“Peji! Drive closer! We have to get the injured members!”

“Yes, sir!”

Peji quickly turned the handle and started to catch up.

“Everyone, let’s go, aside from the machine gunner and Peji! Set up everything! Peji! Do a thorough check of the area!”

“Yes, sir!”

They reached their destination and the platoon members started to spread out in all four directions.

“Yuri! Jaehwang! Go see if there were any survivors!”

Yuri followed his orders and put on her power suit before she went outside together with Jaehwang. Joonghwi who stood next to the machine gun looked over to Mingyeong and said,

“Mingyeong! Go with them!”

Mingeyong then dried a tear from her eye and nodded her head before following along behind Yuri.

Yuri saw wrecked piece of iron and something seemed to be under it.

“Ahhh... It hurts...”

“Ss..save me,please...”

The wreckage looked horrible and they were about 300 meters away from where the accident had happened. Jaehwang and Mingyeong then rushed to the injured members and saw that they weren’t dead and some of them had suffered from fractures.

“Ouch!”

“Healing light!”

Mingyeong placed the broken arm back into its socket and started using her healing powers. Jaehwang on the other hand, took a piece of cloth and wrapped it around an another injured member’s bleeding stomach before he started to heal him.

Yuri watched them from the outside and nodded her head. Jaehwang’s healing abilities were good but Mingyeong’s were much faster. She was a specialized healer, she’s not only good for battles but her skills were always useful.

“Wait! We need more!”

Time passed and they were able to heal them one by one.

“It’s working!!!”

The dreadful place started to shine with a colorful light as they helped everyone recover with her special skills. She healed each of of them without any side effects.

She was doing so great that Jaehwang couldn’t do anything but to step back and be amazed. She seemed to have a battle panic disorder when they started the mission but now, it seemed like a foolish thing to think about.

Yuri who was watching then yelled.

“Stop! Retreat! Retreat!!!”

“?”

Jaehwang then stood up after she noticed her voice.

“Just leave them! Come out!”

Teukteukteukteuk!!!

They then heard the violent sound of a machine gun. An accident had happened.

Jaehwang ran out but he then noticed that Mingyeong didn’t... she heard Yuri’s warning but didn’t act fast enough and was stuck inside the wreckage.

Rescue Mission 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 54: Rescue Mission 3




KwangKwang!!!

Jaehwang got out of the wreckage and noticed that Mingyeon wasn’t with him. He didn’t see Yuri either, all he saw was the same monster hovering above along with all the gunshots that rang in the background.

Tuteuktututeuk!!!

The two 30mm continued to spit fire but the bullets kept bouncing off of its skin. It was made clear that their guns wouldn’t work so well on anything more than a fourth tier monster.

-...Jaehwang, Yuri and Mingyeong aren’t answering! Try to see what’s going on. I’ll take care of it for the meantime.

-Got it.

Joongwhi’s voice echoed through his headset before he jumped back into the wreckage once again. It turned into total chaos. She had finished healing them but their bodies were still sore that none of them could move on their own and flee. Yuri was hurt as well. She used herself as a shield to defend Mingyeon but her power suit wasn’t enough to tank a blow as powerful as what they had just received.

“What happened...”

Jaehwang was shocked. He almost wasn’t able to speak when he saw Mingyeon cradling yuri with a worried look on her face.

“Hang in there!”

Jaehwang said to Mingyeon. She was struggling to breathe and her eyes were filled with fear. She fished for a small sack in her pocket with her shaky hands and she covered her nose and mouth before she took a deep breath.

Her panic disorder kicked in. She managed to regulate her breathing but she still had that scared look on her teary eyes as her body continued to shake. She can’t move properly.

“...I think I’m going to go crazy.”

Everyone on the military bus had tried to locate where the monster was at the moment. Yuri wasn’t herself because of the damage that she took from the wreckage that was supposed to crash to Mingyeon. There wasn’t enough time to heal her and it would even take a lot more just to put her on the brighter side of things. On the other hand, Mingyeon was fine but she was still too frightened to move.

“...This is really not going well...”

He said and grabbed Mingyeon’s.

“Hey! Let go!”

She yelled and pushed his hands away from her.

Both of them were angry and stressed. She wanted to just lose her mind but she had to hang in there to keep Jaehwang in control since she knew that that type of behavior would only make things worse. It was true that people would do stupid things in difficult situations to shock and reboot their minds but the human brain is much more complicated compared to that.

-What do we do?

-First, I need you need to relax.

It looked like they haven’t thought about that but the real problem was they didn’t know how to.

-Help me.

Jaehwang asked the spirit. He knew that she had an endless amount of magic and there had to be a way that she could help them.

-There’s nothing I can do. Just relax and think...

Jaehwang then took a deep breath. They had no ideas left.

“What are we going to do?”

Jaehwang then relaxed and buried himself in thought.

That’s when she felt something. She felt a warm touch, Jaehwang smelled a sweet scent and both of them heard a sound. Minyeong kept her eyes shut and asked who could it be.

Click...

Jaehwang hugged her. He gave her a pat on the back and her body stopped shaking.

“Shhhh...”

Jaehwang whispered in her ear as he stroke her head just like what his mother did with him in the past. It completely calmed her down.

His training days with his father when he was young was beyond challenging so he would always end up running away from the cabin to hide behind a giant boulder and cry. His mother would then come and comfort him in the same way.

They pulled away and gazed into each other’s eyes. Mingyeon’s face was overrun by tears and embarrassment. They were so close that they could feel each other’s breaths.

“It’s okay.”

“...”

Her face was beet red and her mind completely turned blank. Her panic disorder felt like as if it disappeared as soon as she was enveloped by his arms. It felt strange but that wasn’t a feeling that she didn’t hate.

She noticed how sweet he smelled as she saw her face reflecting on the eyes of that handsome face of his. He was like an angel who had a bright halo over his head and that image of him was now permanently stuck in her head as a sight that she would never be able to forget.

“How are you feeling?”

Her face grew even hotter as she gave him a nod to answer his question. She had to break away from his arms and half of her felt like she didn’t want to.

“Alright... do you think you can heal these people? I’ll take care of that monster.”

“S... Sure”

Mingyeon went back inside the bus wreckage, nothing had changed except for Yuri who was in a worse condition compared to when she last saw her. It was a sight that was supposed to shake her core but her panic disorder seemed to have calmed down. She started to heal her even though it somewhat felt harder than before.

Jaehwang then walked up to her and held her hand. She hid her burning face and focused on healing Yuri.

-Wow, what a player...

-What are you talking about?

-Nothing...

Jaehwang shrugged off his questions about what she just said and went outside of the wreckage to fight the monster. He carefully picked his arrow and held it on his hand. He knew that everything could go wrong if here to use a wrong one in this kind of scenario.

‘Tiger hunter’

A mark showed up on him and then he disappeared like a mirage. No one there could no longer see him. He didn’t even remember anything about his family doing the same thing, he felt like a hollow that just occupied some space.

“Wow.”

He walked outside with a confused look on his face.

TeukTeukTeukTeukTeuk!!!

The monster was flying leisurely in the sky. They were trying to shoot the monster with a machine gun and it wasn’t doing as great as they had expected. One of the problems that the weapon has was that it was very loud and could attract any monsters from their surroundings. The monster then started to increase its speed.

The spirit then spoke to him.

-It looks dangerous.

-Yeah...

It wasn’t like any of the monsters that they tried hunting before but for him, it was different. It went back to its normal speed after a while as it hovered above them so he raised his bow and prepared to shoot an arrow. He had to work with different varieties of arrows that he made from all kinds of things but one thing was common, they were able to make the best out of each one if the monster wasn’t flying.

-That monster seems familiar, haven’t we eaten that before?

Her voice was smug but she wasn’t joking. They had to eat the monsters that they hunted in order to survive.

-Maybe we have eaten around thirty? I don’t know...

-Well Isn’t that too accurate?

The spirit laughed as Jaehwang tried to aim for its head.

-Hello? This is Jaehwang.

-Ah boss Jaehwang, how did everything go?

-Everything’s fine. There was a big impact and Yuri suffered some serious damage. Mingyeon is healing her along with the others inside right now.”

-Really? Well... that’s a relief. I won’t let that monster get away with this.

Joonghwi was happy that everything turned out to be fine with Jaehwang and the others. He made a terrible judgment. He was sure that the monster had escaped but it was trickier than he thought. It moved around them and attacked at the perfect moment.

It made sense that they would attack its weakest point to give it a bit of a harder time to defend itself. That was the reason why it was common sense that they would attack the babies first instead of the mother when they were out doing a raid on a monster’s nest. Jaehwang then spoke in his headset again.

-Don’t go easy on it.

-Me?

Joonghwi then tilted his head at Jaehwang’s answer. He and his archery skills were amazing and he hasn’t proven himself to be otherwise even once. He thought he would use his bow but his arrows won’t be able to reach it.

‘Is it possible?’

He would have to go through a lot of preparation just to hunt a fifth tier monster and after thinking about it for a while, Joonghwi started to get nervous.

-Alright. Are you ready?

He couldn’t believe what he was just saying. It had only been a short time but he was giving Jaehwang all of his trust. Everything sounded great.

“Wheu...”

Jaehwang took a deep breath and readied his arrow. He slowly pulled the string back a bit further to try to put up the strongest attack that he could ever muster.

It wasn’t like a game that all you had to do was to press a button. It couldn’t just be carelessly launched since at least this attack had the power to tear the monster into three pieces.

His head and his body had to be in a perfect position. He had already tried it a few times during his time in the Alousu and he remembered that back then, he didn’t have enough energy.

-It overlapped three times before and failed so I would have to always look after you during the attack, but I don’t have to worry about anything like that now.

The spirit’s voice was sad yet proud. That was it. Now it wasn’t just the two of them, he had other people with him.

-Now you have others you could rely on.

Jaehwang’s skills arose as she said those words.

‘Silent Arrow’

Swoosh...

He released the arrow and launched it with a golden light as it pierced through the wall of air. There was a lot of energy packed inside it but it felt like his ancestor’s inheritance had been taken out and went along with it.

‘Something’s strange...’

Swoosh...

‘The Movement arrow...’

‘The Strong arrow...’

Papapang!

There was no sound when freed his hands from his bow strings but soon enough, the sound of the arrow crashing onto its target filled his ears. The impact was so great that a cloud of dust had appeared. Its massive size surprised Jaehwang at first but he still followed the path where his arrow had landed with the help of the spirit. For the first time, his hunt had started.

Rescue Mission 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 55: Rescue Mission 4




The arrow made its way into the monster’s eye and angered it. It was just having fun toying with them before going back to its babies but it now felt a bit threatened. After all, they tried their best to attack and nothing worked until now.

It was engulfed in flames before it scattered it with its wings. It flew around them with a great speed and it seemed unaffected by every attack that they could give. It nosedived and quietly attacked when it saw the chance.

The timing was almost perfect but then the monster’s eye had a flash. It had become aware of the flames from before but this one appeared out of nowhere without a sound. It didn’t see it coming.

It didn’t exactly hit the monster, It didn’t even deal that much damage and just caused the it to stumble. It rotated its body before the arrow could reach its wing and it flew sideways to dodge their attacks as much as possible. But...

Just when it seemed to barely graze the monster’s skin, the arrow made a sharp right-angled turn and hit the monster on its back.

The monster howled in pain and flew in a different direction. The flash was condensed and the energy that filled it felt stiff. It folded its wings and made its descent. It was then about to recover however, the flash returned once again, forcing it to switch its movements in midair and eventually, it snapped its wings.

Kwang!!

Joongwhi’s mouth was stuck open in awe as he saw his arrow fall to the ground. His original plan was to let Jaehwang to try and shoot it for a bit but the monster seemed to be already defeated.

It was falling to the ground with nothing but its broken wings. There was nothing to be afraid of, especially now that it couldn’t fly.

“It still has some energy, let it bleed for a bit”

Joonghwi waited on the ground with his sword in hand. It was a sharp one meter long and thirty centimeter thick double-edged sword. He placed his gun back in its holster since it was just classified as a level four dealer. A deal was a scale used to measure a weapon’s strength; the higher the deal, the stronger it was.

“How much is it worth?”

“When we caught it last year we received 40 million won. That stupid commander took most of it but... I don’t know...”

Said Sungyeon. He was also a dealer just like Joonghwi but rank three. He had his weapon ready about when the monster had made its landing. He was very powerful and he had a rough appearance.

“My sweet girl... Your daddy will buy you something delicious after this.”

Jungkuk mumbled. He was a young father and he stood there prepared with his shield and spear in hand.

Kwang!

The monster hit the ground with the impact that created a swarm of dense dust everywhere. But in that very moment they saw the shadow of something flying on its two wings. It had to have bitten it when they were preparing.

“It’s our most expensive slaughter yet! Let’s go!”

“Okay! Boss!”

The first one to go was Joonghwi. He wasn’t the most powerful but he was very experienced and was someone who had never backed down in a fight.

Joonghwi took his sword and stabbed it deep in its neck. After that, he stepped back and looked it in its eyes.

Songyeon attacked the top of the monster’s head.

‘Speeding cover!’

The monster screamed in pain and Joonghwi followed through with an another attack.

“Okay okay! That should be enough!”

Their attacks had worked and it seemed like the monster was about to fall. I couldn’t recover from the damage that it just suffered. It was strong but after all of that, it looked like it was done for.

The platoon members then gathered around it. Just like Joonghwi, Seongyeon was so strong and off of them standing up to it was just enough. When it squirmed and struggled to try and get up, they shot a few arrows into its wing and the monster was agitated once again. The platoon members had become aware of the situation and they all focused on their attack.

“Let’s go!”

Seongyeon stabbed the monster in the neck one more last time to end the raid once and for all. It still struggled to survive even if one of its wings were broken. The platoon members continued to attack until each one of them were completely exhausted. All of them then collapsed into their seats where they took their rest.

Joonghwi was breathing heavily with sweat streaming down his face. Although he wasn’t so powerful, the monster was no match for him. He did get tired and felt dizzy at the moment.

If it didn’t fall to the ground with so much impact then it wouldn’t have been possible to defeat it. It was a very powerful monster.

“Whew...”

Joonhwi looked at it with a tired gaze. They should have been happy that they had caught the monster but their happiness soon turned into worry as they thought of Mingyeon. If Yuri and Mingyeon hadn’t have joined the battle halfway through then it would have been much more difficult.

She was also suffering with panic disorder before and was in a terrible condition. Yuri was then moved to a different position and by the second half she was safe thanks to Hyunjun.

There was nothing more to be said about Jaehwang. Every time that things would fluctuate and the monster would have a room to attack, he was always there to put it back in its place. It wasn’t much but because of that, the monster was stopped in its tracks and the team was able continue exerting 120 percent of their effort. Jaehwang couldn’t cover the role of a dealer. However, his arrows gradually made a bigger impact on the raid.

Joongwhi then walked towards Mingyeon after she finished healing all of the other injured members.

“Mingyeon.”

“Yes, leader?”

She smiled after seeing Seongyun’s refreshing face and turned her head towards Joonghwi to answer his call.

“You’re our platoon’s main healer...”

“...”

Mingyeon had a strange look on her face after hearing what Joonghwi had said. She didn’t know if she should feel offended or happy. The monster was dead but they weren’t completely sure if they could go through the gate freely so he panic disorder wasn’t completely gone.

She was the only healer in the platoon so she was completely useless in battles and no one could see how lonely she was. She felt like they were just treating her nicely because they had to. She thought that she was just a burden to the team and because of that, she was contemplating if she would go through the gate with them. She felt useless and she felt that she couldn’t do anything to protect everyone around her. She was sorry.

But then all of those worries suddenly disappeared and he was the reason.

“...You’ve done a great job...”

Joonghwi said and Mingyeon suddenly started to cry.

“Okay, Let’s get going, you guys.”

“Yes, sir!”

Click... click...

Mingyeon then went to heal other who were mildly hurt. Joonghwi took a cigarette out of his pocket and ignited its tip it with a lighter.

They were actually going to put Mingyeon out of their team after that mission. It was an unfortunate situation but they were fifteen people in the platoon and so they had to take out the healer position on the team. But it looked Mingyeon had managed to overcome her panic disorder.

She had a long way to go but she would be a lot greater than what she was not if she manages to overcome that sickness.

“She’s lucky...”

-Are you okay?

-Yeah. But we’ll have to work hard everyday.

Jaehwang was tired but he still had the perfect control of his left hand. The impact was overlapped three times and because of that, there was nothing else he could do besides to shoot common arrows during the second half of the raid. He had been getting injured a lot lately. His wounds were restored with his resurrection skill but it would still leave him exhausted.

Four of the archery skills that he had inherited overlapped but luckily he noticed the impact and was able to proceed carefully before something terrible had happened. He had to use his unique skill no matter how difficult it was.

-Just use the exploding one like you used to. Why do you keep using the strong arrow?

-I can’t do the same things over and over again. I had to experiment a with it a little and with that, I’d be able to improve even more.

-Really? Improve what?

-Everything.

Jaehwang then open the skill status window. His current rank of his sniper skill had increased and the effectiveness of his physical strength also increased as it had been in indicated with a +1. It was small but out of 550 percent, his strength effectiveness seemed to have increased by about 450 percent.

It turned out that there were a lot of improvements.

But even though he improved a lot, Jaehwang still didn’t have skills like a top ranked Jimyeong.

A Jimyeong was a member that could fit into every position in a platoon. His skills would improve even more in the future and he would continue to grow and in the end, his aim to be the strongest hunter there ever was.

-I want to quickly achieve a fourth overlap.

There was something called the ‘save system’ and it was a huge system that developed a tremendous amount of drugs and other addictive and toxic medicines. He was obviously anxious but there was nothing he could do about it. Everyday he would improve rapidly and the thought of getting strong was even more tempting, however, Jaehwang had to slow down a bit.

Developing himself too fast could end up being his poison but if he stops, something terrible could happen.

-Stop... If you think of failing a fourth overlap then you’ll never want to stop.

-I know.

Jaehwang then started to smile. He was already never going to stop and he could level up more than he already was.

Mingyeon then approached him.

“Are you okay? You’re sitting alone...”

“Ah, Yes, I’m fine...”

He then thought about the last time they saw each other...

“Thank you for your help.”

“Oh.. It was nothing...”

“...”

Mingyeon’s face then looked a little sad but then she smiled. She thanked Jaehwang again and left.

-You have such a big ego...

-What?

-The more clueless you are, the worse it is... .

“Hey! Let’s get going before another monster comes through. Whew... When will all this be over.”

“...But all of the money...”

He then turned around and saw Seongyeon smiling happily.

Rescue Mission 4, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 56: Justin Point




Everyone besides the battle observers was rescued and everyone was dazed as they wondered why they were so late. Joonghwi and the others did show up late but after they had accepted the request, they immediately went to work.

They had saved them, even the few who fell into the water and prayed that everything would turn out okay. The monster had taken half of their trailer which limits the space that they could use. But even so, they had managed to load the monster inside their truck before they went on to prepare for their mission.

Those who survived went back to their bus and they resumed their trip towards Justin point. Six hours had passed and they made their way into its vicinity, everyone was relieved that their long dangerous trip would finally come to an end.

Their work before couldn’t be compared to what they had done over to the advanced base 716. There were a few monster scales, Kobultu scales that appeared around their area. Those monsters thrived through the underground tunnels and they have high reproduction rates, thus, a public order was given to hunt them. It was the type of monster that could be hunted without risks, that’s the reason why Justin point is the most place for beginners.

Moreover, on the north side of the base, there were rare monsters up to the fifth tier lined up for sale in case visitors shows up and if they would ever have any trouble, Korea and America could unite for a small period of time. As for what other says, It was like a hunter paradise that was currently occupied by numerous clans.

“It looks amazing.”

“Doesn’t the Kolbultu monster look cute.”

They had progressed more and more each day. There were small Kobutlu’s scurrying around the area and their hunters worked their hardest to kill it, they were admirable.

“Isn’t this like a level up heaven?”

Their experience with the oaks had helped them a lot. Hunting a Kobultu would seem worth much less but if one were to compare the two, the Kobultu was much faster and possessed powerful bites and claws. They would go wild and attack anyone who tries to get close making the oaks seem docile and easy to defeat.

“Jaehwang, are you not interested?”

“Yes.”

“It’s... interesting.”

Jaehwang said as he continued to sharpen his knife with care without giving his attention to anything else. He felt like he didn’t have a goal to be here and the dust was everywhere, almost getting in their eyes.

“...It could still be difficult to catch monsters here...”

He held up the monster’s wing with a pole that was then filled with hot air and he used that to pluck its feathers to make an arrow shaft.

“Isn’t it difficult even with two of the wing coverts?”

He plucked the feathers one by one before he turned his head towards its tail feathers which were the part that he needs the most. He disregarded the things that he didn’t need and soon enough, they heard the sound of a monster dying from a distance.

“Wow... That sound expensive...”

He looked sad for a second and then he went back to focus on gathering his feathers. A lot of them were scattered on the floor and one might be surprised that these costs a few hundred dollars per piece.

“Aren’t those features usually about 500 dollars each?”

“Yeah.”

Jeahwang finished up and gathered the feathers and the nails of the monster. These were high priced interior materials but it’s claws compared to the others that he got was very rare and expensive. Joonghwi did a great job of finishing it off when it landed but if it wasn’t for Jaehwang, things could have gotten terribly wrong.

Mingyeon was also a Gagseog and she seemed to had received positive remarks with her job recently.

Clickclick...

He took a rest from making his arrows and the spirit then asked him a question.

-Are you going to make that arrow?

-Yes.

Jaehwang made lots of special arrows during his time in the Alousu. The tail feathers he currently had were a little thicker than the ones he had before and he had taken care of the monster’s claws so he could use it for the arrowheads. He makes sure that the items that he makes were made of pure natural items to avoid failure if he ever tries to enchant it.

-Well just go to a workshop then, that’ll make things easier.

-Right. But, as a member of the hunting army, they should know about the arrows I use.

-Gosh, you sound like an old man.

Jaehwang laughed. She had a point with her suggestion since the quality of the arrows made from the workshop would be better than he was currently working on. The materials that he had now was very expensive and he figured that it would be the best time to make use of his crafting skills. His father had taught him everything he knew about arrow making so he decided to make it everything on his own.

-I didn’t know that it was this fun before you know...

It was a good way to kill time in his incredibly long bus ride and using the claws as its tip made it very strong. He didn’t need to use up much of his energy and he could cut it into any shape that he wants.

-Ha... Whatever you say. If I were to do what I wanted then... I would want to watch some drama soon...

-I know... I know...

He would usually lend her his tablet to let her watch some dramas but she can’t materialize herself when other platoon members were around.

At first, he thought that it was a waste of time and he did try to convince her to think the same way. It never worked in the end but they had reached a compromise of two hours per day.

He took out his tablet and plugged in the earphones so the spirit could watch while crafts his arrows.

-Ah... No matter how much I watch it, it’s always great.

-I know but try to keep it down a little.

-Yeah, sure, whatever.

He didn’t see anything with his head facing down so he squinted his eyes. The spirit was on his opposite side and then someone sitting close by noticed the monster’s claws.

:Woah... I could be wrong but, you have a very unique hobby. Even guys usually find this disgusting...”

Hyejin sat beside him and looked the the nails on his hand. Now, Jaehwang could see the drama but it wasn’t enough to keep him interested. Seeing every bit and pieces of the show that the spirit watched annoyed him since the character’s likes and dislikes were very much obvious.

“...”

Jaehwang never answered her and so she went over towards his seat to see the drama that distracted him. She was a woman first and a hunter second, she had liked such shows and she had really missed watching them. It turned out that it was the thing that she just needed.

Especially now that every female platoon member would blush when they look at him. To them, Jaehwang was much more interesting compared to the guys in those shows. Both of them then got distracted by the drama but they got their focus back when they heard Joonghwi speak.

“Aren’t we going to eat?”

A female platoon member was surprised by the time after she checked her watch. Three hours had already passed.

“Who’s turn is it today?”

“Uhh... Today’s turn is...”

“Yours.”

Yuri raised her hand. The girls were in charge of the cooking but that soon became an issue of gender discrimination so the guys ended up helping them to clean and prepare the platoon’s meals. They had divided their work and achieved a new level of effectiveness.

Yuri was a reliable member but her cooking skills weren’t the best. If her cooking wasn’t so bad then maybe they would accept her on her offer to cook more often but that didn’t seem to be possible.

“I’ll cook today.”

Everyone then looked over towards Jaehwang in surprise.

“Oh... You could cook?”

“Not really.”

Jaehwang said shaking his head. He wasn’t really quite sure.

“Then why?...”

“Because I want to eat, so I’ll cook.”

Joonghwi shook his head and approved of Jaehwang’s request. They weren’t excited to see his cooking abilities but he volunteered so they had to take the risk. They were hoping his skills were at least average.

“You can try it this time. Ask Yuri if you need anything...”

“Got it.”

The military bus stopped and after installing the barricades, Yuri helped him to prepare. Yuri stayed by to help when he needed it. He asked her for vegetables and she told him they were in the fridge.

“Even if you fail... I want you to know that its okay”

He reached for a pack of monster meat from out of the fridge and carefully examined it. It was a piece of the monster that had been cut off after the raid. He had no experience with cooking those kinds of meats. Yuri then went and asked him about it.

“What’s that?”

“Monster meat.”

Jaehwang then grabbed a long kitchen knife sliced it. Some parts of it were tough and hard to eat but some parts were unbelievably chewy and soft.

“Wow... Monster meat is...”

Monster meat wasn’t anything new to Yuri but one needs a license to even be able to prepare the meat of a high ranked monster. The meat could be toxic and unknowingly eating them could send someone to the hospital.

“Do you have a license?”

“No.”

“...”

Yuri became nervous after she heard Jaehwang’s answer. This was not the best place for someone to get food poisoning.

“The meat from this type of monster isn’t toxic. I’ve inspected it to be sure.”

She still felt a little anxious but she just shook her head and went along with it.

“...Okay.”

Yuri’s reaction wasn’t anything new so he moved on and started to chop the ingredients. He instantly sliced up to ten kilograms worth of food and after a clean cut, blood came out all over the cutting board.

Yuri was amazed.

“What’s the name of what you’re cooking?”

“The monster steamed seasoner.”

“Could you teach me? I have a lot to learn about cooking...”

Jaehwang then looked at her and agreed.

“I usually drain all the blood out of the meat before I cut it but we don’t have a lot of time so I’m going to do it like this. I’ll cut some gingers and garlic before I grind them to bits.

“Wow.”

Yuri stuck by his side to offer some help and learn in return. She prepared the ginger and garlic while Jaehwang went to get something from the fridge.

Jaehwang then brought something that wasn’t a formally registered. It was shaped like a weed but it was a common food here in the Alousu. He figured that it would turn the dish into something amazing, it had a rather sweet aftertaste and expects it to be quite refreshing.

He didn’t teach Yuri about this one yet since he thought that it would still be difficult.

Tatattatag... Clickclick...

He cut it up perfectly and placed it on the seasoned grill. Then he added water and sweet soy sauce after he added a Japanese apricot. They both then added the mix of ginger and garlic together.

Justin Point, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 57: Justin Point 2




“Wow…”

Yuri was amazed at Jaehwang’s cooking skills. He didn’t need to use a measuring cup or spoon, he just put the garlic in and everything was perfect.

He moved like a professional chef who had been cooking all his life.

Taktak…tak…

He cut the onions and carrots and mixed them in with a few seasonings. His hand movements were fast yet delicate and precise.

“Can I try next time? Since we have a little time it can just simmer for a little. If we add more in then the taste and smell will be too much. Adding olives would be great though.”

“Alright”

Yuri as she watched his smooth hand movements.

The monster meat was cooked to perfection like a beef sirloin. Yuri wasn’t actually sure but, the skin of the monster meat seemed to be the most expensive part of it. It was already high priced but she didn’t know if it was anything more like on a gourmet level.

It was very sensitive when so you could only cook it for so long but Jaehwang still handled it very well.

He sprinkled some seasonings over the meat and placed it in an airtight container.

“It needs a bit of time for the seasonings to permeate so while it’s doing that we should distribute the plates. .”

“Huh? Oh, okay.”

Yuri was completely distracted by the sight of him cooking as if she was under a spell that didn’t break until he spoke. She prepared a giant sot (a traditional Korean caldron made of cast iron). and placed it on the table. She then placed the meat on low fire and set the table.

-I’m anticipating this.

-Me too.

Few hours had passed and the platoon members had gathered one by one to share their meal.

“Wow…. this is….”

HyunJoon ate a piece of the monster meat and wore doubtful look on his face as he savored it and it wasn’t long before he bursts in tears. It wasn’t an over exaggerated joke, he was actually crying.

Even though his eyes were filled with tears, he continued to gulp down his meal as if it was liquid. This was his first eating a monster meat this good.

“Why are you crying?… It is really good? I think you’re overreacting a little bit…”

He said as he looked over at HyunJoon. Seongyeon then took a big piece of meat and put it in his mouth and said…

“Wow…”

His eyes were filled with delight. He concentrated on its flavor and looked a bit confused when he noticed that it had an irresistible salty sweet taste. He then felt scared at the thought that they won’t eat anything like it for a while but he ignored those thoughts and started to eat faster.

“Wow…wow…”

They all watched Seongyeon’s reaction as he ate one piece after another. His eyes then grew bigger as he continued to devour his meal. Jaehwang made their food using ten kilograms of meat because they had a big steamer that he could use but he didn’t expect the meat to run out that fast. The combat ratio and the meal plans were left untouched, they all knew that the monster meat tastes garbage so no one dared to touch it.

“Wow, this is…”

Joonghwi shook his head and looked at the steamer as well as his empty plate in front of him.

The last thing that was left to eat was rice and soup.

It had a really fatal taste. It was so delicious that anyone would eat it even if they knew it was poisonous since it just looks like a normal seasoned meat at first glance. It looked like something that anyone would find in the market.

However, the moment they tasted it, it was like nothing they’ve ever tasted before. There was nothing that they could compare it to. It was something special. Everything about it was perfect.

“You have a cooking skill?”

“Yes.”

“Wow…”

Jaehwang answered as he continued to eat..

“What is it that you can’t do?”

Jaehwang had been showing new talents every single day. That was the only one he had shown to them as of yet but they wouldn’t be surprised if he had more in store. He was a very good cook. They’ve never known anyone with cooking talents like that, everyone thought that having him on their team was like a luxury.

“I’ve finished everything but I’m still hungry…”

He said after he took a deep breath. He was clearly full but he felt like he wanted more. The antinomic feeling confused him and not only that but, besides Jaehwang, everyone else was feeling the same way.

“Jaehwang, I need some advice.”

Joonghwi wanted to ask the same thing. He wanted to know something. He didn’t want to eat anything remotely terrible ever again. If he never knew anything like that then he could live without knowing but the moment its taste reached his taste buds, he never wanted to eat anything else. It was a really big deal.

Joonghwi looked at Jaehwang with a serious expression that he never looked at him with before.

Joonghwi failed to assign the cooking position to Jaehwang, he tried to ask him in the best way possible but he still refused.

If he took full charge of the cooking position then his cooking skills would increase but he didn’t care about any that.

The cooking position was an unexpected thing to request. If he had become the cook then his training would be interrupted. The spirit said that she didn’t want to eat so she never came out as well. It was barely even his turn to cook but Joonghwi was trying to convince him to. He failed to convince him and he was saddened because of it.

“I’m number one in nagging.”

“I want to protect the things at home.”

“Looks like your face will stay in good shape even after one hundred years.”

“Very handsome, amazing abilities and a good cook. You’re personality just need a bit of work. Haha…”

He said, looking at Jaehwang in admiration but he just sat there with a blank stare. After spending all that time with the platoon members they were finally able to enter Justin point.

“Were here!”

The military bus parked on the concrete structure and the platoon members looked around at the sight before them.

“Woah… it’s amazing…”

“Boss, aren’t you going to look?”

“Huh… Of course.”

Even Joonghwi was amazed. Before the parking ramp of base 716 was just concrete but after all of the dust from the dirt floated away there was board and it was still nicely made. There was only one military bus there but there were many people.

It looked to be about 20 meters high and two meters thick and started to double. Each factor of the antiaircraft weapons spread out like a net. It was something that they would use to protect themselves from monsters.

The interior on the inside at the back was entirely made up of electronic items and even though it was so big, stopping the military bus on the parking ramp was a hard task even though that was their only problem. Every military bus provided individual stop ramps. That used to be an unimaginable amenity.

It seemed like nothing but it was a big deal. It was considered a necessity for every hunter especially in a place like this.

Everyone was filled with excitement and then he remembered a conversation he had with the platoon members a few days earlier.

“Everyone remembers what we’re here for, right?”

“Yes, to track the movements of our three members in Justin point.”

“Yes!”

Peji, Jonguk, and Mingyu said cheering with their fists in the air.

He would ask them more but the raid dividend cost for most of them was written off. It wasn’t just 300 million but there was a 6.5 percent interest rate. In the army, the equipment didn’t come out with dissemination and they had to repair everything themselves to save money. Some nation’s policy was a rate of 6.5 so they just dealt with it. However, they oppose a supporter and just use the opinion of the minority.

Nevertheless, the inside interior was rotten and the society carelessly treated the problem.

The Gagseog army troops had low levels in the beginning so they weren’t able to catch a high tier monster and because of that, they only wandered on the grounds and after five years they couldn’t even pay it all back. Although if they were killed during a raid then that amount would luckily be exempted.

Their goal was to get to Justin point and get expensive supplies from base 716 so they had no time to joke around. There were lots of expensive monsters in the area that they could catch and make money from.

But it wouldn’t be just that easy.

“Okay… I’ll say this one last time. We have to go and meet up with platoon one at base 716 and become Justin point’s 8th platoon. Keep that affiliate change in mind and don’t get confused… there’s another request but our affiliate won’t change. As I said about Justin point, it looks the same as our state. It’s not like it used to be, there’s a ton of strong hunters here. But remember to behave and be cautious…”

“Yes, sir!”

“Leader, our places are over there, right?”

Peji asked Joonghwi who was lost in thought. He answered and handed him a paper with something written on it. He checked it and shook his head.

“Ah… I see. Out seats are… 12-5… on that side.”

They finished parking the military bus and got off. There were dozens of people wearing work suits ahead of the parking ramp. The platoon members then got off of the bus and Joonghwi then walked up to a guy in a suit who looked to be the representative.

“Park JangJoon, You’re the boss?”

“Ah, yes. I am Park JangJoon.”

“Hello. Your eight platoon member military bus will be taken care of by Ru & Su. the engineering equipment team 2 leader; Kim Guang Hao.”

“Good luck.”

“Yes, sir. Thank you.”

Guang Hao was very polite to them. He was a keen hunter. They had another wanted hunter causing their hunters trouble so they fired him and reorganized the team. The new 8 members and the platoon leader’s first impression was great and he seemed like a good person. Those kinds of people would usually be rude.

“Well, let’s start organizing.”

“Yes. but what should we do with the monster corpse?”

“First, we’ll divide the monster in the bus and work out a business contract with Justin point to sort out the payment and then we’ll contract the platoon leader. If anyone has any questions then they could just ask me.”

“Got it.”

“Yes.let’s now begin our work.”

They talked with the equipment team leader Guan Hao and began the military bus check.

“Let’s see… first let’s try a moving signal.”

“Okay.”

They were then taking their first steps into a new place. Everyone was nervous as they followed along behind Joonghwi.

Although, the moving signal check was finished. It was completely different than the moving signal in the Korean army. It just checked their hunter license and transfer documents and that was all. After that, it looked nothing like the army. There were being guided by beautiful female soldiers around the hotel-like building.

“Hey, this is like that place that was here before, it was a place that was used for poor refugees!”

They offered personal supplies and they were as big as a one-room apartment. Even those who lived there in the past had only lived there with no more than 2 other people but it was different than before, it was cleaner and the interior was much better.

Jaehwang was walking right behind Joonghwi who looked around the neat place.

“Okay, we’ve done a lot today, let’s all take some time to enjoy ourselves.”

“Yahoo!”

All of the platoon members then scattered away into different rooms. Joonghwi then took a deep breath and walked into his room. He didn’t feel like taking a nap and so he neatly arranged the new blanket on his bed.

Back in the Korean army, a few people had to use cots until they became too old. They were all going to sleep and get ready for more work the next day but there was something wrong…

Justin Point 2, The end

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 58: Showdown




He tidied up around the room and then heard a ring from a phone from out of his pocket.

-Hello?

-Hi, how are you? Are you having a good time?

There was a gloomy voice coming from the other side of the phone.

-Yes, Mr. Kim Surang. Everything’s great.

Joonghwi said in an aloof voice.

-...I’m surprised, I didn’t know it would be fun. How is Justin point?

It was base 716’s Kim Surang. He was the only one helping them in the base so he had to be polite with him. H was the one who found Jaehwang when he still had a few disadvantages.

-Hey! We’ve traveled safely.

-That’s great. What do you think of that? Do you have any connection that I don’t know about. In Justin point...?

-Tell me.

He was very busy but he didn’t want to talk about Jaehwang with just anyone. He didn’t have anything to brag about.

-Haha, I’m a little sad. I seem to not have any luck. That and there’s so much work to do.

-Really? Like what?...

Joonghwi then tilted his head.

-The boss and the assistant is in the office. Wow... I approached them and the boss refused which was really weird. That idiot started to cry... he’s so pathetic. Did you know about it?

-I didn’t hear anything about it sadly.

-Really? I thought you were calling because you were directly called by the military court... but you have lost of connections anyway so I thought you would be okay... Because of all those things at the base had been turned inside and out.

-Is the boss okay?

-He’s a little sad, I wanted to call him but he moved far away. Luckily, he was easy to find so everything seems fine, for now.

Joonghwi then thought of Jaehwang’s support. He then understood why something like that had happened. The almost bored themselves to death on the bus, those who didn’t talk to each other talked and every time something would happen, something fishy would happen to the boss at the base as well.

The most common thing was the dissemination that was pocketed from the start and the clans going into the gate were regularly receiving bribes.

Joonghwi asked himself why would they let something like that happen even if they knew about Jahewang’s relations with GwanJae. He then finally understood why.

He felt shivers down his spine. They had installed a direct call speaker in the direction of the person in the far away summit.

Luckily he thought to not mention it to SuRang.

-Anyway, I’m doing well. Let’s have a drink the next time we meet up in person.

-That sounds good, I’ll look forward to that.

“Woah.. It’s gigantic.”

“Wow...there’s so many people”

The members of platoon 8 went to the power supply area in Justin point to train.

“The number of exclusive and expensive hunter training hunter training equipment here was around 30 to 50 thousand. They have the equipment for the basic skills training ready for rent and of course, here in the Alousu, even the natural environment is fit for training.”

“Wow...”

There was a female soldier sitting behind the counter politely explaining everything to them. The 50 thousand scale training equipment was something that they would never guess.

“Okay. Now that I’ve told you about each of them, let’s take a look.”

Joonghwi followed behind the platoon members and thought that maybe they could be set free from their mission in a few days.

“Jaehwang, do you want to come with me?..”

“Sure?”

While the other platoon members split up going to different places, Jaehwang and Joonghwi looked around together. There were a lot of people there so Jaehwang put on a red scarf to hide his mouth and nose before he put on his hood.

“Hey... You can be comfortable here.”

The training center was very big and there were lots of hunters training and among them were female hunters that showed off their curvy figure as they sparred with each other. Joonghwi’s gaze was almost the same as all the other male hunters there.

“What are you going to do?”

Jaehwang wasn’t interested in any of that and only looked around at the equipment.

Jaehwang was most interested in a the set of the personal training equipment center. It had a fee of 10,000 dollars per month but it had everything someone would need along with its offered private spaces. It was really expensive and there had to be something else that had been reserved.

He then opened the personal training pamphlet.

Swoosh... Pang....

“Yes! Another ten points!”

There was another hunter who was surrounded by cheers on the side of the training center. The place was quiet, making it draw the attention of others but they just continued to train and talk with each other.

“DaeHyeon.”

Jaehwang checked the mark that was put on each of their shoulders. The Daehyeon clan were always at the top or second of the strongest clans in their country. The everlasting history and their high ranked hunters expanded them to foreign countries even though their expeditions were set on the places that bored them.

They were using long-distance arrows in the shooting range. They sat and watched them shoot it, the target was about 200 meters away and it was so fast that it looked as if it disappeared and reappeared on the target. They took a shot as if it was a monster who was trying to run away, three arrows hit the board at a high speed.

Swoosh...Pang...

Swoosh... Pang...

The arrows that were used in the government service were shot into the target. The target shook due to the speed and no targets were missed. After the arrows had been taken out, they checked the monitor and found out that it was shot by a female hunter. She was wearing a black full face helmet so her face couldn’t be seen.

“Wow, her shooting skills look amazing.”

He was a little surprised. Then a guy with a very noticeable tattoo walked next to her.

“You’re interrupting me, Dugeol.”

“Oh, I’m sorry... I just wanted to speak with you.”

“Whew...”

She then turned her focus back to the monitor after that exchange.

“Do you want to try it, Jaehwang? Isn’t this your specialty?”

Joonghwi asked Jaehwang. He just wanted to watch and see how good he was because he felt like his training time were being wasted anyway. He had already seen the basics of his strong skills and felt no need to prove himself. Jaehwang didn’t answer back to his question.

“Huh?”

Joonghwi then looked at Jaehwang’s face. His face was hidden pretty well but he could still see his eyes and it had a pretty cold look on them. He had the same cold look in his eyes but his when they were out hunting monsters and now, he a little seemed angry.

“You wanna try it, don’t you?”

“Uh... sure.”

Jaehwang went over to the counter and got a cover suit used for training along with three arrows. He also got a military utility belt and prepared himself for practice shooting. He pulled back the string to check its tension and shot three arrows for a pre-practice run. He then pressed the training start button and began to shoot.

Swoosh...Tang...

Swoosh...Tang...

They weren’t so fast but they all hit the target. He pulled it back and it looked natural as if the strings themselves were bending by his will. He kept on shooting.

Swoosh... Pang...

They all continued to hit their mark with great precision.

‘You have a total score of 498/500″

It was almost a perfect score.

“Amazing...”

Joonghwi then started to clap. He had the abilities of a super human. Even though he was a hunter, he knew how to use all kinds of weapons and of course, his aiming skills were also on the same level. For someone like Joonghwi who had lots of experience, all he could see was just pure arrow shooting skills when he saw him. He knew that he operates on a different level.

The same tattooed guy named Dugeol then walked over to Jaehwang.

“Woah... Your arrow shooting skills are really good.”

“...”

He was being friendly but Jaehwang ignored him and took his training equipment back to the counter.

“Ugh.. that idiot...”

Dugeol was a hunter of the Daehyeon clan and he clearly didn’t have too much of a good attitude. He wore a jacket with the Daehyeon clan emblem and showed it off with great pride. As bad as he his, he really did think that the guy who ignored him was good at shooting arrows.

He always showed only good skill but he seemed to be a little rude.

“He’s good at shooting arrows but... his attitude doesn’t seem so good. That’s unfortunate...”

He pinched at Jaehwang’s service duty term. He didn’t know that he was affiliated to another big clan. His eyes looked disappointed but he had a mocking smile on his face. He could actually hear everything Jaehwang was saying as he was close by. He then put up an unpleasant expression and approached Joonghwi.

“Hey!”

He shouted.. Joonghwi wasn’t necessarily a high ranked hunter but he didn’t care about that and he never intended to follow Jaehwang all the time to just protect him. He had a judging expression on his face but he knew for a fact that he didn’t need to protect him.

He was a level four ranked hunter, he wasn’t sure if he could put up a fight with him. Dugeol was at rank two and even though he was ranked higher, he was confident that Jaehwang could still defend himself against him. He was a tall person to deal with but his height was similar to Jaehwang’s. He was then about to become 21 years old and he grew up to 186 centimeters.

“Ha... I can see him now.”

He couldn’t hear what he was saying but he shook his head.

“You seem good at shooting arrows, wanna have a bet against us?”

Jaehwang looked at Joonghwi after he heard those words. He didn’t look like he was going to avoid a fight and Joonghwi just slightly shook his head. Unfortunately betting money was prohibited. He then wondered what they could use for a bet.

It wasn’t being recommended but there was a possibility that they might try it.

Joonghwi shook his head and so Jaehwang turned to Dugeol and shook his head. He then talked with a few people and then whispered something to the girl in the full face mask.

It was obvious that she didn’t care and the more he continued to talk, the more interested she became.

“The showdown will be over there with our rising star.”

He said and then took a 5 centimeter clear gem from out of his pocket.

“I have this. What are you going to bet?”

He gave him something he received from a fourth tier monster he hunted. It was an item worth about $2,000 dollars.

It wasn’t easy to get so many other hunters didn’t have it. He decided that he could enter it into the bet. He then took a step closer to Jaehwang and whispered something in his ear.

“You don’t have any money? You idiot.”

He was obviously trying to provoke him, however, Jaehwang was completely calm and raised his right hand and there appeared a magical-looking white gem. He wanted to give something bigger and better than what Dugeol betted but that was all he had.

“Something from fifth tier...”

Dugeol was surprised about what Jaehwang held in his hand. A gem from a fifth tier would be an item worth three million dollars. He made a quick check over the price of the item and Jaehwang then threw it up and then placed it on the table.

“Isn’t your bettings looking a little small?”

Showdown, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 59: Showdown 2




“Uhh...”

An item worth three million against an item worth two thousand... the difference in the prices were about 2 million and 8 thousand. He tried to offend him but it didn’t work, he was actually feeling lucky. He then stepped back and took a look at all of the people staring. He then took off his gloves and placed them on the table.

“These are worth three million, they’re an excellent ranked item.”

Jaehwang then slightly touched the gloves.

[Alokusa- Wibon series- leather gloves- Excellent rank]

Name: Black Wibon Leather

Defense Power:- After getting hit it falls by 20 percent

Attack Power:- Attacking with bare hands increases the power by 20 percent

Special skills

Physical Strength: + 1

Sense: + 1

It was a mass-produced product but it boasts its great defense.

“What’s the maximum price?”

Jaehwang asked to Dugeol.

“Up to three million. But any used item is also fine.”

“It’s kind of short, isn’t it?”

Dugeol said, Jaehwang just shrugged his shoulder and looked back.

He was trying to provoke him but he kept feeling like as if a huge weight was placed on him.

He was getting angry but he didn’t let it show. He betted something with a high market value but it’s something he used before.

“Just do it.”

“...Okay...”

Jaehwang said kindly as he shook his nervousness away. People had been staring him with their cold eyes but he still kept his focus.

The board was prepared. The expensive items were hanging on it and a manager from the training center was the judge. It was funny that they held another bet despite it being the rule but all they ask was that the contestants shouldn’t cheat and hold any grudges after everything was over.

The bet was supposed to be settled with an archery contest but it had changed. Both of them now would have to showcase their speed.

“We’ll do one practice round and then three rounds for the real game. If the same person wins the first two rounds then the game would be decided.”

“Got it?”

Jaehang shook his head and then smiled as he pictured himself winning. Dugeol walked over to Sooji in the full face helmet and whispered something to her.

-Are they going to start again?

-It seems so... They look a little weak. They were beginners so they probably don’t have much money.

The training center was then filled with people talking and whispering to each other. They were like seniors of this center, they were familiar with the place so that was supposed to be a clear disadvantage but Jaehwang wasn’t bothered. He just started to stretch like nothing major was about to happen.

“The match will now begin. There are three matches but whoever wins the first two will be the winner. You each will receive a training cover suit and 50 arrows for the match. There is only one target and it’s 200 meters away. Whoever shoots the fastest and knocks it down is the winner of the match. Understand?”

Jaehwang and Sooji then shook their heads.

“Let the match begin!”

The judge of the matched yelled. Joonghwi was sitting on the other side and watched silently with a coffee in hand. He was excited and nervous to see how the match would go. Jaehwang had always seemed to be perfect with archery but even if he lost then it would be fine.

“Ready... Start!”

Swoosh... Pang!

Swoosh... Pang!

The match started and they immediately began shooting arrows at full speed. Their arrows were already prepared and they already had the strings pulled back as they waited for the match to begin. Both of them were almost shooting with the same amount of speed, but Jeahwang’s arrow was a bit faster which made a bit of a difference. It was small but as time went by, Jaehwang was about 0.3 minutes faster ever since they had begun. He knew that he had taken the lead, but he kept his focus to keep it. That one minute was not a problem and forty targets had been knocked down.

“If you keep going like this you’ll lose!”

Dugeol yelled to the Daehyeon member inside the match. They saw the difference in their speeds as they approach the middle part of the match, their team was losing and it won’t be long before Jaehwang would take all of their items.

“Faster!”

He yelled. She struggled for a second but then she quickly fixed her stance before she got her groove back again. His yelling was not helping in any way.

By the end of the match, she made a big mistake and was then defeated.

“1-0”

As expected, Jaehwang was the winner of the first round and Sooji lost by a two-second difference. She looked embarrassed and Dugeol walked towards her. He said something but she just pretended that she just had a small injury.

“The second match will now begin. Ready... Start!”

The second match started. The speeds were almost the same just like the first round but it wasn’t long before Jaehwang had taken the lead.

“Stupid, shoot faster!”

Dugeol yelled. Everyone in the training center who were enjoying the match wore a displeased face because of what he was doing but he didn’t pay attention to those and just kept on shouting.

“I said shoot faster!”

The girl playing the match glared at him and then expanded her feet further and straightened up her posture. She then started to glow in blue light and began to shoot faster. It was so fast that they could barely see the arrow before it hit the target.

“Hm... She’s using a skill.”

Joonghwi mumbled while carefully watching the match. Of course using skills were prohibited during the match but she just used it anyway. He could see it clearly. If she used a skill during the match then Jaehwang surely lose.

Swoosh... Pang!

Swoosh... Pang!

He wanted Jaehwang to go a little faster but because of her skill, she easily passed Jaehwang’s score.

“1-1”

The second round was over. Jaehwang lost and now the score was a tie.

It was announced that she had won and Dugeol’s face was filled with relief.

“Okay, now we just have to win the last match...”

Dugeol said and laughed in a mocking tone as he looked at their bets on the table. The arrows were being used by aces in archery but he could tell that she used a skill to shoot faster right away. She was a hunter that specialized in rapid fire shots.

“How does it feel like to lose?”

He said with a provoking tone and Jaehwang just responded by showing them his dull eyes.

-She was amazing. She must be a hunter...

-Do you know her?

-Yes. I know her a little.

Jaehwang glanced towards her. She seemed kind of tall. Her face was hidden with a full face helmet so he couldn’t really tell if he recognized her. He recognized her a little because taught her rapid shooting for a little while before.

-Did she just use a skill to win?

The spirit asked.

-I don’t know. Wouldn’t that take a lot?

-But you’re money is in trouble. If you had a lot then you can buy a few things and buy me some snacks.

-It’s okay. I don’t know about that but eating all those snacks aren’t healthy for you.

The spirit just ignored him and Jaehwang thought about the match. It has been a long time since he had met her and she seemed to have gotten a lot better. He could see that the arrows she used weren’t arrows used for hunting but the situation did seem a bit suspicious as the spirit suggested.

A light had surrounded her by that time she started to shoot faster and faster.

-The strength and energy made her shoot faster. That was a similar thing that the yin-yang did during ancient times to gather all of their energy and radiate it in fights but that’s just a bit more of a polished way of doing it. You could also just say something and the energy will start to instantly repel some power. It was a method that was used a lot a long time ago. At least it seemed like something like that...

The spirit explained and Jaehwang shook his head. He understood her theory. He had a bit of an idea of the situation but its mechanism seemed to be a whole lot more complicated than just being good at archery.

-I can tell you more.

-I can briefly explain the method.

The spirit explained the energy movements and showed him the simulation.

-It seems difficult.

-It is.

He seemed calm but managing speed that fast was quite troubling.

-All you need to do is sense it.

The spirit answered back with a laugh.

-Haha... I’m kind of hungry. Using skills take a lot...

-I see.

“It’s time for the last match.”

It was 1-1 with only one match left. Both contestants were preparing for the last match.

Jaehwang was a little better with his basic abilities but if they used a skill again then he would lose. He didn’t know how it would go but he wasn’t worried at all.

“Start!”

Yelled the judge and she rotated twice while pulling her bowstring. Her pride wasn’t spoiled the first time she used a skill during the match. Jaehwang glanced over at her before he started to increase his speed. Jaehwang then took three arrows with his hands and prepared to shoot it.

Papapag....

The spirit helped with the amazing speed and they reached the target one after another. Jaehwang was actually refraining from the spirit’s help until then. He could always do much better with the spirit’s help but if he did that all the time then he would never improve.

Everyone overlooked it. The girl in the full face helmet obviously seemed more experienced with the training center and today was Jaehwang’s first time. He got the hang of it after the first two rounds but he still accepted some help from the spirit. His speed was unbelievable.

Swoosh Swoosh Swoosh!!!

He was then going almost 1.3 times faster than before. She couldn’t catch up. It looked like they were flying randomly but somehow they would find themselves neatly placed on the targets.

She was very surprised by his speed. He was going much faster than her and it looked as if he was using a skill. She got a bit angry and the blue light then started to show up around her again. She let her competitive spirit win her over.

“Wow!”

Both of them were putting up a good fight and the crowd of people in the training center started to cheer. They instantly started to run short on arrows. They passed the second half of the match and her skill started to catch up with Jaehwang’s speed.

A skill was harder to beat with just pure skull but then a blue light started to surround Jaehwang. It was less noticeable than hers but it was clearly the same thing. In that moment, Jahwang’s hand speed started to accelerate.

Papapapapag!!!!

The arrows made their way to their targets like shooting stars.

“Match over!”

“Woah!!! What was that?!”

Jaehwang’s last arrow stuck to the target the moment the judge announced the match was finished. People then started to gather beside Jaehwang. Everyone was impressed by his amazing last shot.

But what was more surprising than that was his opponent, Sooji. She was still not finished with shooting all of her arrows.

“...H-how...”

When Jaehwang launched his last arrow she couldn’t pull her string. She was clearly familiar with the effect that he used. It worked the same way hers did when she used it.

Jaehwang exhaled placing his arrow on the floor. He was so focused that he was basically holding his breath the whole time. He then walked over to the table.

“Good job.”

Click...

He then took two of the betting items that were placed on the table and put on the gloves.

“You...”

There were many people around but he was going to make a fuss if he wanted to. The items were expensive but that wasn’t what he was worried about. He was going to confront him.

“Wow... Great job... You’ve made some money.”

Seongyeon said walking approaching Jaehwang. The rest of the platoon members then joined them and gathered around Jaehwang.

Showdown 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 60: An Outing? A Mission?




They stood there face to face.but then she started to laugh and broke the mood between them before she took off her helmet.

“Huh...”

Dugeol then stepped back. Her face was full of embarrassment and anger.

She threw off her helmet and walked towards Dugeol. She had dark hair and a white skin, she was a beautiful woman with a unique charm. Her overall features were gentle but her eyes looked like it could freeze anything.

“What...what...”

Pong... Pong

She opened her mouth to speak but instead, she hit him with her helmet. He fell down with a grunt and she just walked over him and said,

“This is your fault.”

“If you’re going to keep doing this then fine...”

Pong...

She then hit him again and he couldn’t do anything but clench his chin.

“I’m not your assistant.”

She let out a little laugh.

“Ah... I’m sorry. That person is getting married...”

Pong...

He laughed back with a mocking tone and she hit him again before he could even finish speaking. She was the leader so no one wanted to interfere.

“We won’t interfere. Let’s go.”

Joonghwi then guided the platoon members elsewhere. They didn’t need any more people getting involved, they’ve already reached their goal. All of the eyes and ears focusing on Jaehwang actually wasn’t interrupting him. Things were going up and down and they were all talking about it. Jaehwang began to meddle in and although he wasn’t in the mood, it wasn’t a bad situation.

Although their army was affiliated, they were clearly a powerful team. They became affiliated with them because of the hire soldier system. Crashing into other Gagseogs wasn’t entirely rare and they needed all kinds of contests to settle their endless and useless disputes with each other.

Jaehwang was looking towards Sooji when Joonghwi walked next to him and placed his hand on his shoulder.

“Ready to go?”

“Yeah... One minute.”

He answered back and approached Sooji.

She turned her head just in time to see him. She was curious about Jaehwang’s last shot. She had a similar skill so she was curious about it because she didn’t think that she could imitate what he just did.

Jaehwang spoke first.

“It’s been awhile.”

He greeted her and she looked surprised. She felt as if she knew his voice. It sounded extremely familiar, it was a lot like the voice she had been longing for.

“Who are you?”

She asked and Jaehwang then pulled off his hood and answered.

“This is the first time we’ve met since the accident. Hasn’t been about four years now?”

“Huh?”

She looked up at Jaehwang’s face and she could recognize his eyes.

“Hm...”

Sooji then opened her mouth but she couldn’t say anything. She was just staring at his face. It changed a lot but then again, it didn’t change at all. It was him. He was there standing right in front of her.

....It was him... Right there.

She felt her legs getting weak. Her mind was blank and she couldn’t think of anything.

‘My prince.’

Jaehwang was her first love. When she first saw him she knew he was the one. He had a charming face like celebrities on TV. She hasn’t been able to love anyone else since they separated.

She felt as happy as she used to now that they have met again. Her heart was pounding. She couldn’t do anything since that day. She couldn’t forget him and in the end, she asked around and tried to look for him in middle school.

The moment they met again they knew they still felt the same way about each other... they then started walking side by side. She was extremely nervous and calm at the same time but she was happy.

Everything was great... it was the happiest moment in her life.

She was happy with Jaehwang and instantly when she thought of the moments, she then heard his voice.

“I heard that you’re engaged...”

“Oh...”

He said with a low quiet voice as he brought her back to the harsh reality from her fantasy. She hesitated but then, she gave him a nod.

“Oh...yes... it’s true.”

“I see. Congratulations. Well, I guess I’ll see you around.”

Jaehwang said and walked away.

She was about to hold out her hand towards Jaehwang but her superhuman endurance stopped her before she could do it. She had no reason to hold her hand anymore.

She stood there and watched Jaehwang walk away. She would never forget and she would always cherish their memories...

-You’ve met her before?

-Yeah.

-What? That wasn’t even a cool introduction. You barely even said a word.

The spirit complained. They spent a lot of time together so now she understood his situation. He used to feel as if he was going to explode like a volcano but now he had no feelings like that left in him.

-Just, say hello casually. If she’s here then you’ll surely see her again.

-Don’t be so bland...

She continued on and Jaehwang had no idea what she meant and just faintly smiled.

Booom....

The dark green camouflage military bus was being driven down the highway. It finally got off the highway but then got onto a rocky road.

-gwrqw345,221 Repair request... gwrqw345,221 Repair request...

“Pass pass... Ignore it.”

Joonghwi nervously said after they turned to the navigation for the incoming structure request signal.

Peji shook his head at his command and turned down the volume of the navigation.

“That stupid beginner...”

The first patrol came and spread out into two groups. Everything seemed great when they first arrived. The repairs on the military bus went extremely well. The dents made by the oaks were fixed they had placed a fresh layer of paint in it.

Everything seemed great and all the platoon members then got back on for their first mission.

They mastered the patrol course but they weren’t able to receive the mission they wanted. The beginners completed their raid and were given a place to their patrol course and on the first day of their patrol, they received a repair request so they rushed to them in a camping car and was flustered at the fact that they couldn’t repair it. So they had to ask for the beginners for some help during the repairs.

Well... they couldn’t just turn away the request. The problem was that it was a structured signal. The beginners went on their way instantly and ran into a place filled with around 50 monsters.

Joonghwi knew it wasn’t a good idea to go that way. The beginner team was far ahead and they didn’t even go through service for their 15 months of work. The most common number of monsters in the group was just five and that number probably surprised them.

“I miss the oaks.”

“It’s good that we’re safe.”

Joonghwi said and Peji then started to laugh uncontrollably. It wasn’t nervous laughter, it was just that the oaks of base 716 were very wild. They were finally at peace.

Kwangkwangkwang!!

They then heard an exploding noise...

“Huh...”

Something big hit into the bottom of the military bus.

“Boss...”

“What?”

“Will the bus be okay?”

Peji said and gestured towards a certain direction. Joonghwi looked and took a deep breath.

“Mingyeon is here so everything will be okay, right?”

“Well yes but...”

Something happened and Peji was looking at the horrible scene in front of them. He then turned his head and found Songyeon resting on the floor with a mat. The mat was messy and he was clearly tired. He then started to squirm for a long period of time.

He woke up to a very painful sensation in his shoulder. He tried to endure the pain but it was no use.

He found and fixed his dislocated shoulder but it still felt the same.

“Ouch!

Mingyeon then quickly came to help him. Time steadily passed by. With no tension, the patrol was free. Seongyeon tried out the gloves Jaehwang won in the bet while talking with him. He was soon teaching him hand-to-hand combat with their bare hands.

Of course, Seongyeon wasn’t too bad at it. He was very strong and had lots of knowledge about that. He was especially strong in wrestling and martial arts making it very easy for him but he surrendered within three minutes. Even Joonghwi couldn’t believe it.

Jaehwang was given the long distance special list but he made use of a short distance wrestling martial arts to teach him. After about five minutes Seongyeon completely gave up.

Mingyeon healed his shoulder and Seongyeon then stood up. He wasn’t as strong as a Gagseog so the difference in weight and his taller height meant nothing. It still did have a big impact but Jaehang has been training for a long time so he was clearly better than him even though he couldn’t win in terms of strength.

You couldn’t give orders in hand-to-hand combat.

The moment they were tangled he grabbed his arm and he tried to defend himself but he was already struggling. It was supposed to be a five-minute match but time passed by so quick and it lasted a lot longer. It was his first time practicing martial arts so it was very unfamiliar to him.

He carefully stood up but Jaehwang then attacked him again.

“S-stop...”

Jaehwang then let go and passed him a towel after getting up. He then went to his personal storage on the bus and started to change.

“He’s like a monster...”

He looked at him with a resentful facial expression and Seongyeon then walked next to Joonghwi and took a seat.

“Do you feel better now?”

“Yeah.”

“So how’s it going?”

“I’m tired.”

He glanced back and then dusted off his shoulder.

“If you overdo your strength then even your martial arts could become a disadvantage. Isn’t that what went wrong?

He was right. He didn’t know much about it but he knew the basics and thought that strength was the most important thing. So he gave hand-to-hand combat a try but it wasn’t any different than fighting a monster with his bare hands.

But even so, he was good and fighting with his bare hands.

He still liked it even though it included martial arts. He would like to attack by running from a far distance and crashing into him but that would be hopeless considering Jaehwang’s skills.

An Outing? A Mission? The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 61: An Outing? A mission? 2




“It won’t be easy for us to get close.”

Sengyeon said as he stood with his arms tied. He actually did want to get closer with Jaehwang but it didn’t work out. They’ve known each other for over a month so far and besides Joonghwi, no one addresses him as a boss.

Jaehwang was very skillful and everyone also knew that he was GwanJae’s grandson. The problem was that he was very doubtful and had terrible fighting strength among other things. He wanted to approach Jaehwang first and ask him if they could be friends but he wasn’t that type of person.

Joonghwi was already impressive as it was but even he was surprised by Jaehwang. He was his opposite, he was more of a tough man and that was the cause of his frustration.

“But... there’s a bigger problem, the fighting power deviation is very severe. It’s not coming into the right formation.”

“Phew...”

Jaehwang and Joonghwi were worried now that they had realized that the gap between them and other platoon members was huge.

“This isn’t good.”

“Yeah.”

They were dedicated to the patrol mission but they would surely have to practice their formation skills for any raids. By looking at it through a long-term perspective, it would help a lot it everyone advanced a little more, the problem was that Jaehwang wasn’t close to the team at all.

For the past two days on the trip, they’ve only run into a third tier monster. They all got some rest and practiced their basic formation. Jaehwang’s position was in the back the only issue was that he was the first one to attack and after one attack, he would say goodbye making his teammates see him off with a strange look on their faces.

They understood that Jaehwang was the most dangerous one among them all since the monsters would just ignore the others and would just rush straight onto him. The team then realized that they couldn’t always rely on Jaehwang so they all caved in and established their formation.

Jaehwang was doing perfectly fine on his own. If Jaehwang had skills as good as a tanker then things would have gone better but their team had none and that made the platoon leader, Joonghwi, frustrated.

“We would have to find out the minimum limit...”

Joonghwi thought about the fight from before with the winged monster. One side of the monster’s wing was like a wiping cloth skill, he didn’t know much about those types of monsters but their wings could make illusions and although they were illusions, the monster’s special skill was to fly with a speed comparable to an airplane. They were driven by their wings and that’s why it was the strongest part of them.

Joonghwi went into a different room to hide his concern. He asked himself how much would it cost to hunt a monster like that and was it possible to hunt it wholly and intact.

Joonghwi and Seongyeon were both thinking and then Jaehwang appeared.

“I’m going up to the second floor.”

“Okay. If a monster appears then tell us so we can hunt it...”

Jaehwang would sometimes go to the second floor and shoot monsters down on his own. Hunting wasn’t that exciting but when things are boring him, he would do that to pass the time.

“Okay.”

Jaehwang shook his head and went up the ladder towards the roof.

“Let’s take turns.”

“Oh, Hi Jaehwang. You’ve worked hard...”

She was sitting by the machine gun, distracted with her thoughts. She heard Jaehwang’s voice which made her face turn red so she rushed back inside the bus.

-You’re not lucky with women...

Jaehawng didn’t respond. He would have to explain why Mingyeon was acting that way.

-Why isn’t she chasing you? She should already be doing that at this point.

-That’s enough...

He just really needed to clear his head. He didn’t know that would happen but he tried to avoid it.

“Whew...”

He took a deep breath before he picked up an arrow. He opened the status window to see how much his archery skills had increased.

[Unknown skill] Common Skill

-???

-Risk of Injury Included

It was the skill Sooji used during the match. He checked how much he had improved since then now that he’s able to shoot five arrows at once. The explanation of the skill in the status window wasn’t so good. He thought that maybe if it was explained as if they were in a game then it would have been a lot less trouble when the spirit first came to him.

-Can you show me the energy analysis again?

-Sure, just a second.

The spirit then played back a video. The energy raised up and rotated throughout his body, arms and hands. It would eventually run into and repel each other, causing it to inject itself into his bow and arrow to improve its speed and power.

–You can use this kind of skill...

Jaehwang was holding the bow in his hand and his skill was raised at the moment his arrow flew into the air.

Swooshhh...

He shot five arrows at once at his first try.

The rule was simple, both hands had to maintain their position and after using the skill, there were side effects he had to deal with.

Pang...

A part of his arm had cracked and then it started to breathe.

-Oh, shoot! Go treat it! Quick!

-Alright, alright, you don’t have to shout you know.

The energy on his arm disappeared where it should have been and caused an injury. It was supposed to be there but something happened and strained it. He patched up his arm without a fuss and the spirit then said,

-Can you go and ask that girl something?

-What do you want me to say?

-She knows how to use that skill really good, right? And she looks in a different way now, maybe you could use that as a chance and...

-Yeah... I don’t want to see her again. If our eyes would meet just like last time, it would get awkward.

-What? When you guys met before everything was fine but now it’s weird... don’t you think she hates you? Hey, hey, tell me, do you think she’s pretty?

The spirit asked and Jaehwang gave her a slight smile. He had thought the same thing but he doesn’t want to let her know.

If he had the chance to meet her again then he would want to ask her for help. He cursed himself at why did they had to have such a worse goodbye but then, he felt like he didn’t need to approach her again.

She seemed to be prettier than before. They had separated from each other in a terrible way but he didn’t want it to remain that way.

He didn’t feel worried before but after four years he’s been feeling really anxious and worried. He kept his hopes up that maybe they can work things out if they met again.

-Hey, do you think she’s pretty?

-You obviously have all the player knowledge.

The spirit scoffed.

-Hasn’t she gotten prettier since the last time you saw her?

-What are you talking about... it’s true but...

He with a confused voice and the spirit then laughed. She could clearly see it but she pretended as if she didn’t know.

-But besides that, yours and her skills are on a completely different level now.

-Of course.

Jaehwang nodded. The problem wasn’t that Jaehwang couldn’t cope up with what happened, the problem was that he had all kinds of energies to use. He could even feel Sooji’s gentle and cold energy which felt as if it was overflowing.

-There’s nothing I need from her.

Jaehwang then closed the status window. He had a new archery skill and others but that wasn’t exactly what he needed. Since he received help from the spirit, he was able to get the same speed as her skill provided her even though that skill had a fatal flaw.

‘It can’t use it while moving”

If the skill started to hurt, it had to be stopped since it’s foundation comes from his lower back and he can’t strain it no matter what. It didn’t work well with Jaehwang. His archery skills were all-around and no matter the situation, he could use them but, he had to stop his basic ideology and go against it.

He looked around and then asked the spirit a question.

-Do you know if there are any monsters around us?

-Why?

-I want to go hunting for a little...

-Hm... okay. I’m bored too but let’s not take too long.

Red lights then started to gather around ahead of Jaehwang. At last, there was a shape that started to appear in the air.

Woosh...

The spirit soared lightly through the air.

-What should it be like?

-The concept will be very important...

-Yes.

They talked about it for a second and the spirit then flew into the sky and began to examine their surroundings.

-How many monsters should we go for?

-All of them...

He answered. It seemed like there weren’t any but then dozens started to appear through the thick grass and trees. He could clearly see that one of them was a kolbutu. It looked at the military bus and its face immediately looked terrified.

They didn’t know much about it but it was a type of monster that they occasionally slaughtered so that’s maybe why it was afraid. It could tell that the place was clearly invaded by humans.

They were cruel and brutal invaders... and Jaehwang didn’t feel any sympathy towards them.

Teuk... teuk... teukteukteuk....teukteukteuk....

Jaehwang started pulling the strings to let his arrows out. The spirit handed him his ammo one at a time and his speed increased little by little as he aimed for his personal best.

Pang...Pangpangpang...Pangpangpang...

Kwang!

Kwang!

The arrows flew everywhere but they all reached their targets. They could run but trying to hide was useless. He shared his eyesight with the spirit and that eliminated all of his blind spots. The monsters within the 200-meter radius of the bus were getting shot down. He turned it into a hell for monsters.

Kwangg!

An arrow hit another Kolbutu monster in its head which caused it to shout before it collapsed on the ground.

The red light from the spirit then disappeared. Jaehwang then put on his headset and spoke into it.

“Leader, I’ve hunted a few monsters. Come see.”

An Outing? A mission? 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 62: SamJeon’s Church Bileons




“Here’s $46,500 dollars.”

“Wow...”

Joonghwi calculated the value of the Kolbutu Jaehwang had hunted and was amazed by its amount. The hunting ground was wide and their corpses were all over the place before a huge machine swallowed it up.

The machine calculated the price. It really wasn’t a useful monster and even if it was then it would be difficult. At best, it was useless outside of the base’s material. Justin point provides them for hunting monsters with nothing besides money. A male monster was worth a minimum of 10,000 and a female monster was worth a minimum of 5,000, and a baby monster was a minimum of 2,000. Luckily they were able to get 46,500.

Jaehwang easily caught all of them.

They didn’t think a good price would come out of it but it turned out great. It was all sent to a bank and Joonghwi divided everything after depositing the money. He gave Jaehwang his share for hunting the monster but Jaehwang then fairly distributed it. He was supposed to get 20 percent but he thought that that was just too much.

“I bought you an arrow as a gift.”

Jaewhang bought him a very expensive arrow. He gave it to him at that moment and Joonghwi gave him something that he got for his granddad, GwanJae.

It was a great trade-off. The military bus then came to a stop and all of the platoon members had gathered into the area around the driver’s seat.

Something was going on as there was a red light glowing on the radio.

-Here is the Justin point control tower... Platoon 8, please respond.

If they didn’t make contact three times a day at a fixed time then they wouldn’t be able to find the platoon at the control tower. They had to make sure because anything could happen. Joonghwi then answered the radio.

-This is Park Joonghwi, leader of platoon 8.

-Right now we’re 12 kilometers away from the north in the area of sector 12. There’s some information that we’ve found on an unregistered hunter. To check for another hunter we have to request an attack without communication and then we’ll send out a survival request. I’ll share with you the best location and date of the attack. GQ258735... Have you checked the location?

-Checking... Do you have a piece of more detailed information?

The information that was sent to the control tower were fragmented so there was a chance that things could get dangerous.

-It can’t be found. The report will be provided at the attack.

-Got it.

-The information isn’t clear but there’s a big possibility that the culprit would be there. However, if possible, pay close attention. Call over.

-Over.

They all stood there thinking about the information on the culprit as Joongwhi turned off the radio and stroked his chin.

“Darn monsters...”

The limited area in Justin point was huge and there were people scattered everywhere. Everyone was having troubles even though there weren’t any monsters. But apparently, there was a big problem that happened to be a monster.

Besides the culprit, they had supernatural powers and were very dangerous. The situation with that one was different which made it easier to handle.

Most hunters were low-grade wanted criminals and many of them were committed to it. They would fight off the monsters to survive but in most common situations, the humans would die. There wasn’t any real reason for their fight but none of them were ever sentenced to death except for those convicted of kidnapping.

Even though they couldn’t do anything with the information they received, they could trade in the monster corpses through the black market and with the extra money, they could easily make a new fake identity. So they the hunters, would sometimes wear a mask and hunt people.

This was the second time they were ironically in a contract with the country. In the past when they took it seriously and fought back and they received all of the supporters. They had rights with the country and relation to other organizations of gagseogs in their attack. They actually saw the Bileons and knew that they were their enemies who just wanted to hunt in their own country.

And the last time was the third time, they escaped their religious ideology and the anarchy that had spread everywhere. Their religious ideology was simply said to have appeared during the latter second half of the generation mashup. The eschatology base was said to be flourished by that newly rising ideology.

It was then called ‘SamJeon Religion’ which was established through the world’s dimension collision. The three worlds were completely combined and they believed that they lived in a paradise.

“The collision was unbelievable, it couldn’t be rescued.”

The source of that newly rising religion was the Republic of Korea.

The universe was their only hope.

The generation mashup created a tragedy for them and their beginnings were its driving force. On the outside, those unfortunate people had help but on the inside, they were being brainwashed to become their faithful servants.

That religion borrowed the bible and gave birth to a generation of giant churches. The head pastor was found in Seoul and his son considered himself as the leader of the Samjeon Chuch. They had become involved in so many situations, they did a few healing miracles until they managed to assault a school girl which led up to a devoted believer to exposing them.

That incident was supposed to break them but they ended up turning themselves into a cult. They built an entire empire and since then, their society was banished and so the Bileons started to cross over to the Alousu.

Before the generation mashup, North Korea collapsed with China and Japan having a good relationship. They weren’t enemies but sadly, the Samjeon Church had been destroyed and Korea had ruined themselves.

Out of the three types of Bileons, they were the most vicious... The hunters that followed that religion were insane.

“Would you guys like to sit while I explain more about the Samjeon church?”

“Sure.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang and Mingyu answered. They were working hard on their last location for the attack. Jaehwang and Mingyu were in the back of the bus listening to Joonghwi explain everything to them until they arrive since they didn’t know anything about the Bileons and the SamJeon church.

“The Bileons are evil. Like how cruel people could be in medieval times. Someone who just steals hunter equipment and goes after monsters would be an angel compared to these guys.”

“I see.”

They caught hold of the hunters being influenced to join the church and they would get themselves punished if they didn’t listen. It was hell, things were taken slowly until the final brutal execution. Those people were forced into joining them in an attempt to get out of that inhumane method of recruitment.

“Mingyu experienced it... and Jaehwang... have you experienced it?”

“I haven’t.”

Jaehwang shook his head to answer Joonghwi’s question. He started to feel sick and anxious. He tried to get rid of his memories but he couldn’t, he felt that his uncle was sitting somewhere out there.

“Um... Good. We’re on our way to fight them. Can you do it?”

Jaehwang gave him a nod. He heard about this a few times in the academy. Every time they learned about the Bileons, he heard it constantly. It’s been stuck in his ear as if they were trying to brainwash him. He just kept close to his choice as a hunter.

People are going to get killed, they are not just monsters, but actually people. It was unexpected but it had to be done.

“I learned about them in the academy. I wish I didn’t choose the path of being a hunter if I knew there was going to be so much murder involved...”

“Is that so? I understand.”

Joonghwi replied.

“You probably heard this from the academy but let me say this again. The Gagseogs were given all of their equipment since they were just beginners that’s why they didn’t oppose it. They had this nation’s protection until their work piled up. They’re now trying to handle an unfair contract.”

Joonghwi explained and Mingy and Jaehwang shook their heads.

Even though they were hunters with amazing talent they were very strong anytime except for the Leeds season. They had experience and had enough abilities and did great on raids no matter how dangerous they were. The beginner hunter’s survival rate was high for those with lots of experience and they could get into a strong clan.

Sometimes they would be overconfident and misbehave during raids, however, that type of behavior was not encouraged because it would most likely cause a total failure. The beginner team had great luck but if they didn’t have lots of experience then they could never succeed with that behavior.

The problem was with that kind of reason, the beginner hunters were in an unfair slave contract and they couldn’t settle it themselves. It was a 15-month mission service background they’ve made, the mission service they made taught others how to murder people.

“When a lot of the beginner passed away, they couldn’t handle hunting the monsters alone and that’s when they met the Bileons.”

Joonghwi said with a serious expression. His heart wasn’t in the place to talk about it so he couldn’t understand his murderous instincts. They were still people on that side that haven’t experienced being killed yet. However, there were many people that had experienced it and he can’t stop thinking about the bodies that they had piled up because of their faith.

Unfortunately, they were met with good luck after a murder. Whether they liked to do it or not, murdering people left a big impact on them. Validation was important but if they got hurt then it could become a big problem if they neglected the wound. Just one word about a killing could cause the littlest of anger.

“They were armed and couldn’t promise anything. There only one thing that I could tell you. Hesitate and your colleague would die.”

There was another chance that things could pile up over time...

Joonghwi repeated himself for a second time as Jaehwang and Mingyu paid him close attention. He then took two pills out of his pocket and handed it to them.

“The power of drugs is nothing good but I need you to be at your best. It is temporary but it helps with pain and helps to prevent murder. Of course, it is toxic and I wouldn’t allow any further use.

Jaehwang and Mingyu then placed the pill inside their pockets.

“I will say this again, don’t hesitate. You guys would put each other’s life on the line the moment you start a feud with each other. .”

Click...Swoosh...Click...Click.

The door of the military bus and the glass windows were completely blocked off.

“Even the bus would be considered prey as we move to pass through their gate. It’s hard to earn supplies on the outside so there’s a lot of stuff loaded on the inside, so keep a close watch.”

They turned off the bus’ camouflage and the platoon armed their weapons and got moving. They had the location for the last attack at the control tower and they couldn’t take the bus down the deep valley. After about ten minutes of walking, a steep cliff appeared.

“It’s a fourth tier valley habitat. It’s an easy place to find monsters which makes it a popular hunting ground.”

Borrowing from his uncle, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 63: SameJeon’s Church Bileons 2




Joonghwi walked ahead of the clan next to Jaehwang. He was the youngest in the clan but he was the most qualified person to take on the criminal investigation so they both took the lead even though it was unfair for the newcomers. It meant that their skill wasn’t as good as his but at that moment, they were more concerned about their survival.

Jaehwang got off the bus after listening to Joonghwi’s explanation and helped them out with the navigation.

There would be a battle so it was important that they would examine the topography of their surroundings first before heading in. It’s a matter of life and death, that’s why they checked its every detail as they continued to walk.

“This looks like the place that the report said.”

They saw something appear down the slope before they made their way into its surrounding forests.

“This is called ‘the great giant’s footprint’ isn’t it? Gosh... its foot must of have gotten really dirty.”

Joonghwi looked around the place using his binoculars. He couldn’t see far due to the fog.

They found their way down to the valley with the information they received from the control tower with Joonghwi taking the lead.

“A contagious disease...”

Joonghwi was having a difficult time but he still continued to command them with the help of hand gestures.

They followed his hand gestures until they found a nest-like spot on the ground to sit on. They were finally able to take a break now that they had found the valley and luckily they were close. None of them could still forget the gravity of their situation.

They went on their way with utmost care until they couldn’t see the place where they took their rest anymore.

“Ugh... this is my fault.”

Joonghwi apologized to everyone. It wasn’t easy but he admitted that he messed up their position.

“You didn’t make a mistake, boss. The compose is a little all over the place here.”

Peji said as he checked the navigation panel. The monster distribution clearly wasn’t accurate and suddenly the valley then started to appear.

“No. I did make a mistake.”

Peji analyzed it again. Jaehwang then started talking with the spirit and when Jaehwang got off the bus, he let the spirit appear to assume her form.

-Even though I haven’t been a human for a while it’s still the same.

-Yeah.

Jaehwang answered back. They avoided the eyes of the monsters as they walked through the valley and they found that the Bileons were planning an ambush through the traces that they had left for everyone to find.

-You could die.

-I know. Those guys are known for their cruelty.

Jaehwang said with a sympathetic tone. He couldn’t bare to witness things through the spirit’s eyes.

-Anyway, be careful. There are lots of them.

-Okay, good luck.

The spirit said and Jaehwang gave her a nod as he continued to follow Joonghwi’s lead. The navigation helped them find their location through the safest course.

And they then finally reached the place, the traces of attacks had now become obvious.

“Those idiots...:”

Joonghwi looked through his Binoculars. The platoon members then looked at the site. Everyone was seeing what Joonghwi was seeing but Mingyu just sat there because she felt hungry. They didn’t do anything because they couldn’t blame her. Even they were feeling very nauseous.

“They should be punished.”

Sengyeon said.

There were about 20 of them crowding around a giant burning tree. Some of them thought that they would torture them and burn them in the end, it was a terrible thought that everyone entertained.

“If you refused to join the church then they’ll cut off your limbs and they would skin you alive, after that, they’ll tie you to the tree and set you on fire.”

“Those idiots... They can’t be human.”

Hyejun clenched his fist.

“Peji, turn on the radio. Let’s check things first. ”

Joonghwi said.

Peji got the radio and Joonghwi checked back into Justin point. Jaehwang was in the woods without anyone else noticing. He wanted to be alone for a moment and after walking for about 100 meters a giant boulder showed up in his path.

He saw someone who was camouflaged, he was sitting there with his head faced down.

“Deaconess, the army troops have arrived. Yes... Yes... Their leader looks excellent. The location... Got it. Please stand by. It’s SamJeon’s honor...”

They finished speaking with someone on the radio and they checked in with the platoon. The camouflage was amazing and made them completely unnoticeable even if someone was right next to them.

“These people... I don’t know if we’re in their main room right now.”

He could barely see their exact location. Jaehwang was the best thing they had to lead the platoon and he had known a lot about geography since the beginning. But having the best knowledge about geography drew in a lot of dangers to him. That was why examining the topography was important.

“Today, we’re not gonna let them do what they want anymore. Let’s do this together...”

He looked back at his platoon with a serious expression. The thought of them committing a slaughter haunted them about two hours ago but now, all of them are excited.

Originally, they would have to recruit believers and all of them would have to go through the same process but what’s different was that they would assault all the women that they would try to recruit.

The Church was filled with insane people but no one cared.

All of the children that were born from the assault of those men would end up to be their workers.

“Ugh... It would be great if we get the pioneer pastor’s information. Three platoons would be joining us in this operation”

There was a group meeting currently being held in the main temple along that skilled pastor who had everyone’s attention. His temple was filled with forty soldiers divided among the three types of hunters and in the temple’s shrine, they had about 150 recruited believers combined.

They all felt a powerful force surging out of it.

.....

Their hearts were beating fast and when they tried to focus on the surveillance, they heard the sound of someone stepping on some leaves. He got scared and quickly turned around, he then lost his camouflage causing a severe attack of pain.

“Ouch!”

He tried to scream for help but the pain was too much. Someone got a hold of his right arm, it broke it and viciously yanked it. He screamed and shouted but that didn’t help. The attacker seemed to have no mercy.

The attacker did the same thing to his left arm before it crushed the joints in both of his legs.

It all happened within 10 seconds. The bones of his body were completely broken as the attacker then covers his mouth.

Jaehwang checked his pulse when he had fainted and with that, he picked his leg and dragged him back.

“Jaehwang, where are you going- Oh....”

Yuri said before he saw what he had in his hand. She thought he was carrying a giant wild animal but then she saw that it was an actual person.

“What happened...”

“He was watching us.”

Jaehwang said and all the platoon members stood up with a full alert. Joonghwi then walked to Jaehwang and spoke.

“Where did you find him?”

“About 100 meters outside hiding under a rock. He was talking on a radio with someone.”

“What were they talking about?”

Jaehwang told him what he overheard and Joonghwi started to look worried. They had to make adjustments to their plan.

“Should we all go in?”

“We could just go in and attack but the SamJeon Church used to be apart of the Justin point base and most of them had a high ranked position”

HyeJun explained.

“Well, there is a possibility that we could do that.”

Joonghwi was thinking about the Justin point control tower a little while ago. He requested for them to continue to stay and spy on them as they think of a more elaborate plan. Jaehwang also mentioned contacting their strong troops so they could come within 12 hours.

“I don’t know about this. Leader...”

“Huh... Maybe you’re right. Well, if we just leave like that then our troops would turn into a sacrifice. Uh... Jaehwang... How do we find those guys?”

Joonghwi asked and Jaehwang answered,

“You have to have great eyesight to shoot an arrow well.”

“Whew...”

Joonghwi sighed at his answer. Jaehwang had outstanding skills but he was still a newcomer, he did save the platoon life once but there was no room for praise right now. He knew that he had mastered his skills but he was anxious. There was a chance that he couldn’t defeat the Bileons and there was a chance that he would get killed with the slightest mistakes.

“Good. sorry for asking this but, when the platoon goes back, check for any more watchers.”

Jaehwang shook his head without a word. Joonghwi then continued on.

“Sengyun?”

“Yes, leader?...”

“Let’s get closer to them first. ”

“Got it.”

Seongyeon gave him a nod before they started to move closer to the Bileons’ home.

“Something’s strange. The exit of the valley is dangerous but we have to keep our cover.”

“Okay.”

Joonghwi followed the directions and they quickly left their places. The further they went, the more dangerous it became.

The platoon members were careful to not leave any tracks behind. They reached their destination and the valley below the cliff was inhabited. If they got caught they things could get dangerous. There was nothing that they could as cover.

Jaehwang watched out for anyone spying on them. The group of Bileons was much bigger than their platoon and if they came after them in here then none of them would be able to escape. It would be very difficult to handle them if that happens, the valley was cramped and they could even be wiped out with just one attack.

A terrible smell of garbage filled the air but they kept moving and none of them complained. They had found a crack after a few hours of walking so Joonghwi gave the command and they all went inside it.

It was a long way down. They didn’t know when they would reach the end but at least they didn’t see any monsters. The inside of the crack seemed safe, none of them had any trouble so they were fine but Joongwhi still kept his watchful eye towards the end of their tunnel.

“I don’t see anything yet.”

Joonghwi didn’t give any more important jobs to Jaehwang because he was a newcomer. He was very talented and out of everyone in the platoon, he was the best at finding any spies but that’s that. He wanted to make sure that everyone is safe and he couldn’t shrug off the idea that maybe it would be better if Jaehwang took the lead instead.

“Please... Be safe... Let’s turn around...”

“Did you see something?”

“Ow!”

They looked ahead to see what was bothering Joonghwi.

“We need a miracle.”

They found a watcher spying on the platoon and Joonghwi pointed at it in fright.

“What is that?”

“Someone found us! They found our location!”

“How...”

Jaehwang said and all the platoon members looked at him with a grave sense of fear.

If they knew where they were then they could ambush them at any time. They all took a deep breath and relaxed, they all realized that if they had encountered someone they didn’t know, then they could just take them out.

SameJeon’s Church Bileons 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 64: Tiger in the woods




“But how would we chase it?”

They all thought the same. They tried their best to avoid leaving any traces in the valley. They came all that way and found four watchers but they only caught two.

“Do you think they found us because we may have left traces behind?”

Jaehwang already knew what the answer was but the platoon seemed to have doubted that idea. They did their best not to leave any prints as they moved around the area. He started to feel guilty because his carelessness might have caused it.

“I... Give up...”

“I give up too...”

The platoon members looked confused. They seemed to be acting weirder than usual.

“Uhh...”

The platoon members on what Jaehwang had said. Their chase was easier than they thought especially now that Jaehwang had taught them how to shoot a arrow.

“Sengyeon, Take these two and try to get some information out of them.”

“Yes, sir.”

Joonghwi said and Sengyeon gently took the injured person from jaehwang.

“Do your best to not make any noise...”

“Yes, sir.”

Sengyeon then flashed a threatening smile and shook his head. Along with Joonghwi, he had the most experience on the job so they could understand each other without even saying a word.

If they were a different type of Bileons than the extremely religious ones, then everything would have been much better. They had witnessed some terrible scenes a while ago that flushed out all their mercy from their hearts.

Seongyeon knew some interrogation tricks and he brought Mingyu along with him to take the three watchers elsewhere. Once they had reached a pretty secluded area, something happened.

The platoon members went inside the crack to hide and prepare. It’s hard to observe on the outside and finding a hiding spot was difficult now that they didn’t have enough equipment.

It wasn’t long before the skies turned dark and soon enough, Seongyeon and Mingyu returned. They left with three people but came back with none. No one asked about it, their sympathy was no more.

Seongyeon got the information they needed it and shared it with them. He had information on the Bileon pastor, they also found where the base was and they found out that they were they were 150 people strong.

“There’s spies on the inside...”

HyeJi added.

“Hm.. I see.”

Joonghwi said hesitantly. He knew that the situation was bad. If they had learned that information any later, then they would have been in more danger. He realized that they haven’t been safe there ever since they spoke through the radio.

“Leader... My apologies but, there’s another problem. The military bus can’t reach us here. If I use the radio then we’ll have to get moving quickly.”

Peji said. Joonghwi gave him a frustrated look. Things weren’t easy. If they communicated back to Justin point, the bus’s communication system transmission wouldn’t be able to reach down the cliff.

“After that, we can leave easily.”

“Got it.”

“That and, when will the backup support show up after sending the propagation?”

“It should take up to two days.”

It wasn’t like the backup support could fly through the air around the world. There were a lot of airplane-like monsters and if they made any mistakes, a tragedy would occur.

“We’ll catch some later tomorrow.”

“But we can’t guarantee the outcome.”

“They have to know. If those criminals aren’t stopped then maybe the supporting team can catch them.”

“The problem is that we don’t know who betrayed us.”

“I see. That is something that all of us needs to know”

They all shared their opinions but there were no answers. Information was something that all of them needs and they didn’t have enough of it. None of them dared to suggest an assault because all of them knew that the strength of their platoon was insignificant compared to them.

They then decided to take a break. They were Gagseogs but if they didn’t sleep then they would get weak just like anyone else. They all got into a sleeping bags while Jaehwang and Joonghwi took turns with the night watch.

“Joonghwi?”

“Yes?”

Joonghwi answered Jaehwang’s call with a voice full of trust. He didn’t doubt his abilities in the beginning but ever since they got there Jaehwang felt that he wasn’t feeling the same as before. It wasn’t just the platoon entirely, but just Jaehwang. He could escape out of that place even if he was alone.

“I want to take the night patrol alone.”

Joonghwi hesitated to respond for a second. If it was someone else then he would immediately deny it but Jaehwang’s abilities were just enough for them. He’s actually what they needed during that night patrol.

He knew the place well so he decided to take the night shift and let the others rest. However, Joonghwi wasn’t too sure about it.

“Are you sure that you’ll be okay?”

Joonghwi asked.

“I’ll be fine.”

Jaehwang confidently answered.

“You don’t think that you’d die if you go alone?”

Joonghwi said and Jaehwang was left surprised.

“What do you mean? Haven’t you seen my skills? Of course, I’ll be fine. What do you think could happen?...”

He asked back.

“What if they get angry?”

Joonghwi asked and Jaehwang then answered back,

“Well, there are lots of things to do in case that happens.”

Jaehwang calmly answered and Joonghwi shook his head.

“Okay. They’re everywhere here but it seems that you can handle it. Maybe they’re just waiting for the right time to attack. Unless they don’t attack straight away but... a night attack is a good way to go. But that probably won’t happen anytime soon.”

“Huh... I see.

“Mhm...”

Joonghwi said and he wasn’t done talking yet.

“But there is a possibility. But if they saw a chance then they would take it. Do you want to see the plan?”

Joonghwi handed him the tablet before he started to explain things in greater detail even though their formation sounded like it was nonsense in the beginning. It then started to make sense, Jaehwang then shook his head.

“Wow, this is really great.”

Joonghwi made an extravagant plan. He shook Jaehwang’s compliment off and started to lead the platoon again.

“Okay... I’ll explain any changes to the plan. Justin point’s communication system is about three hours and thirty minutes ahead. Sengyeon, Jonguk and Mingyu will take HyunJoon and... You and I proceed with a night assault...”

“A night what?”

“That’s right, a night assault.”

Joonghwi then explained the plan to the clan and all of them gave him a nod once everything was done.

“What do you think, Jaehwang.”

Everyone then turned their attention to Jaehwang. They all wanted to see what he had to say. It was a difficult time and there was still a risk of them getting attacked.

“Seems easy enough.”

Jaehwang shrugged. He then looked at it closer, he just said that it was easy but he can’t stop his worries.

Joonghwi smiled before he turned to everyone and said,

“Let’s do well and enjoy ourselves. I know that they will soon catch up to us and tonight we can’t even dream of a counter attack. However, let’s all just sleep comfortably, okay?”

Joonghwi said and everyone shook their heads. All of them were terrified of what could happen.

“Let’s try that for once. This initiation will be all about that.”

Joonghwi said and then Seongyeon replied,

“Let’s just wipe them out... we can decide on where to do it.”

The plan was used in a term that he didn’t like.

“How do we do that?... Is now the right time?... Well... Peji and Jina can try the radio. And everyone else can rest for now!”

“Yes, sir...”

They were on their way down the cliff and there was a bright red lump of meat on the ground.

The piece of meat was cut down the middle its organs were eaten out. It then spread its 3 meters long wings, the women in the valley were beautiful like something commonly seen in the world’s mythology. They had wings and their legs portrayed those of a monster’s.

The human men were captivated and tempted to help them bear their children. Thinking about it again made it seem like the situation was written in a novel.

Humans were the same during the first half of the year it wasn’t as exact as one would think. They weren’t the same on the inside but they all had long hair flowing down their backs. Their mouths were covered in red blood from eating the meat they had consumed. They then picked up their two legs and flew up in the air.

Tatag...

There was then a big shadow that covered everything below. Their entire body was wrapped in black armor. They then aimed a gauntlet at its head and it busted like a watermelon.

Boom...

It’s pieces flew everywhere. They were third tier monsters so they to die in vain. A piece of its armor fell around and they walked around them. A few hours later, they had arrived at their destination where the corpses of monsters had piled up.

“Amazing.”

One person whispered as they walked past the black shell. There was a guy wearing a coat that went down to his ankles. There was a golden light shining through his chest that made a small catholic-like symbol. He was a Bileon pastor of the SamJeon Church. He had short slicked-back hair along with his dull eyes. He was someone that they should avoid.

He was stationed in the main temple to torture and question anyone who rejected their religion.

“The Cheongun soldiers are very strong.”

He said as he admired his black armor. Sometimes there were shouts coming inside of that black armor but his eyes just glowed red inside his helmet.

“Now we can lead the church and Cheongun soldiers would soon crack the Justin point’s ridiculous situation... and the punishment...”

“We need details, sir!!”

A voice shouted out of nowhere. He looked harmless, he then went and pointed to something before saying,

“Stop the filming...”

He pointed to the camera recording in front of him. The camera was turned off and they explained further into him. He then tired turned to the other person and said,

Tiger in the woods, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 65: Hunting Wild Dogs




“What is it?”

“Th...That...”

The guy standing in front of the pastor wanted to say something but he couldn’t speak. He realized that they were standing at the crossroads of life and death, he was so scared that he couldn’t pull his words out of his mouth.

“We saw three people around the giant’s footprint.”

He said and the pastor’s eyes burned with anger. Today’s event couldn’t go wrong. He put in a lot of effort into this entire day and it couldn’t fail. He had invested in his religious self and practiced his first Cheongun soldier power demonstration while he studied for a future test.

“Was it a criminal?”

“We had made our investigation and found out that it was the members of the Platoon 8 wandering round the area.”

“If they’re here right now, then why don’t you capture them Gwansa?”

The pastor said and Gwansa lowered his head in shame.

“Uh...Yes, of course...”

The pastor was angry and overwhelmed but he calmed down as it wouldn’t have helped with his situation.

“The watchers were two adults and one that is premature in terms of age. We have no more people to send out and... besides the cost of contacting the shrine, all of our troops are preparing in a rush for the hunt.”

“Got it.”

“Quick. Finding a face place for them to take a rest is our top priority”

“Yes, sir!”

He responded to the pastor’s commands. He then looked back at the church’s proud devoted followers. There were 150 people there that were under the command of the religion and that’s what was scary.

“Give them the religion’s honor and the opportunity to have a second chance.”

“Yes, sir.”

Replied his faithful servant who was always with him like a shadow.

“Hmm... Huh?”

He then heard the sound of women screaming in distress. All of them howled in pain as they were thrown into the flames as punishment for rejecting their faith.

“We need a great sacrifice and before we go into war, we’ll need to perform a blood worship.”

The pastor said and his servant shook his head.

“I’ll prepare the sacrifices.”

The moon then found itself across the dark sky. The color and shape of the moon in the Alousu was a little different from the one on earth. The overall appearance was similar but it looked a little bigger and it lit up with blue light along with its cold feeling.

“Why are you agitated?”

The spirit asked. He doesn’t know anyone else but she knows him. Jaehwang was acting different than usual, she could tell especially because she was living inside him. He had no self-control and he just seemed to be a bit off.

He didn’t answer her question and stayed silent until he found his words.

-It seems like they’re angry. I can’t relax no matter how much time goes by.

-Are you talking about the attack?

-Yes.

Things seemed to be running off the right track. Jaehwang felt that something terrible was going to happen right in front of them. He felt that they would get their limbs cut off, they would get skinned and they would get tied to a tree which will be set on fire until they die.

Swooshhh...

The spirit showed up for the first time in a long time. She turned into a young person and sat next to him. She looked like the most beautiful woman in the world.

“Jaehwang...”

She softly placed her hand on his shoulder. She started to look sad as she gazed at him who sat there motionless.

“Everything will be okay...”

She couldn’t tell him the ancestors secret because of her promise with them but his gate was starting to appear.

His ancestors were still receiving their punishment.

In the northern regions during the ancient times, they were originally a hope of success for the three families. They were a gift for the heavens and the earth. All of their magic was given to them from the heavens, but then they received a punishment that would last thousands of years. She carried out her promise to protect their hope of success so one day, they could be free.

During those thousands of years, the family went up in a nameless mountain and tried to hide away.

“You can do it...”

The spirit couldn’t tell him about the secret history that she found herself tangled with. That was another promise she made to them. Her job was to protect him and that meant she had to sacrifice everything and help him realize his destiny.

“You will succeed.”

Everything created in the world had to be within its equal standards. Sometimes a good man could look like a villain. The world is submerged with blood but all of the different views on the road ahead shined towards a bright future.

Another descent was inside of Jaehwang, he had the strength of his ancestors as well as their energy. He needed to spark that blood relation during their attack. If they wanted to reach the sky, it had to be done through Jaehwang and get revenge to balance the scale and make things right.

“You can’t go back when you get older.”

“They need you now.”

“I know.”

Jaehwang replied. Jaehwang decided to continue on... they weren’t evil spirits but she was careful to talk about what kind of friendship she had with them. Even with just a slight interest in revenge, things could get very dark.

“They committed the worst crime so they should die to even out the score.”

“Death would make things even?... Who said that?”

Jaehwang shrugged his shoulder at the spirit’s question.

“Maybe that’s not the right thing to say but should I care about that? They had done horrible things to them. Maybe I know that the path I’m walking is my ancestor’s destiny.”

Jaehwang closed his eyes and concentrated on the dark feeling deep down in his heart.

He had an awful feeling but he wasn’t bothered by it. He couldn’t just push them away and he knew that he would just have to continue on.

“It’s time.”

“Let’s get going.”

Jaehwang checked his wrist and got up. It was the scheduled time to put Joonghwi’s plan in motion.

-Let’s combine our magic together... follow my lead.

-I’m always thankful for you but...

The spirit instantly jumped into the air before he could finish his sentence. He then could see the woods filled with darkness under his feet.

Swooshhh

Three arrows appeared in Jaehwang’s hand. The shape of the arrows that appeared in his hand was different than usual. They were quite long, sharp and it looked like they would never fall if they would get themselves stuck onto something.

They were great. There was a moment where he was shocked to see how much bleeding had it caused. They were good arrows to use when hunting violent monsters. They were very heavy and sturdy. Their only weak point was that they had a terrible short range.

“It’s time to hunt.”

“Ugh... Why is he here...”

“Quiet.”

“Turn off the light, I hate him.”

“Keep it down, let’s finish up.”

“Let’s wait like you said.”

There were two guys walking side by side through the fallen leaves. They weren’t too friendly with each other. Someone came along with Gwansa on his mission. They were trained in the past before becoming Bileons, they had spent a lot of time together but those weren’t enough to fix their relationship.

If they didn’t have a command from the pastor then they wouldn’t spend any time together.

“Just shut up.”

“I think we’re getting close...”

They didn’t have any other security protection with them. They told the pastor about who they think it is even though they’re not completely sure. They wouldn’t get their reward from the pastor if one of them makes a mistake.

Tatagg...

His colleague must have forgotten the meaning of a stakeout as he kept talking. Now they were worried if they were about to die.

“Hey... Something’s wrong...”

He said to his colleague who was hiding in the leaves who then just responded with an uncaring tone.

“Stupid, what are you talking about? Where is the medicine... This is ridiculous!”

He stood up and at that moment his detection skill warned them. His location had now been exposed to the enemy and if they don’t move, then they would certainly die.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh...Swoosh swoosh swoosh...

Pangpangpang... Pangpang...pang

A few arrows rushed in and made the guy scream.

The other guy who was hiding with him yelled and ran out of their hiding place. He checked to see what happened to his colleague and he then understood what happened. The enemy was much faster than his reflexes.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh... Pang pang pang...

Something then flew by hitting his shoulder and caused him to shriek in pain.

He was pinned to the tree by the weapon that shot him and he then looked at his injury to see what hit him.

“Th..this is insane...”

It was an arrow. It was bigger and stronger than a normal arrow... it was the thing that nailed him onto that tree.

“What’s going on!”

He tried to take the arrow out with his hand but it wouldn’t budge.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh... Pang pag pang...

He screamed and cried but soon enough, he could no longer move. Three more arrows came by and kept his other arm and both of his legs to the tree. He then started to bleed.

Hunting A Wild Dog, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 66: Hunting Wild Dogs 2




Tatak...

Jaehwang jumped off of a tree branch and floated in midair.

‘Tiger hunter’

Swoosh...

He disappeared into the darkness and then appeared on the branch again.

He could recognize the enemy faces through the spirit. He heard loud noises and saw one of them standing and that’s how he found their hiding place. He quickly flew through the air as he pulled his bowstring.

He was able to see behind him and after pinning one of his arms to the tree, he launched three more arrows to keep his limbs in place. He saw his colleague as well so he turned around to shoot five more arrows to stop him from moving.

“Help us! Help us!”

They yelled on top of their lungs. The night got darker. Jaehwang then flew into the sky once more.

-Others will soon show up.

-Good.

Jaehwang replied to the spirit as his feet landed on the ground.

-They’re going to come and see what happened.

The spirit warned. He landed on the ground and his ‘Tiger Hunter’ skill then went away. He wasn’t clueless, he knew what could happen. But even so, he didn’t plan on leaving just yet.

-They’re coming soon, it’s getting dangerous.

The spirit said but Jaehwang just smiled at the idea of it happening. They were in the woods in the middle of the night which was perfect for hunting wild dogs. He wasn’t worried, this place was his hunting grounds after all.

-Thanks for your help.

The arrow was fast and sturdy.

“That’s the enemy!”

“Stop hiding and show yourself! They have a detecting skill. Help them first and then catch the enemy. They’re on the move!”

“They’re on the move. 2 O’ clock 400 meters! 350 meters!”

“Good! I’ll catch them. 350 meters! 200 meters! I’ll catch up soon.”

They knew Jaehwang’s location and they were quickly catching up to him. They knew they were coming but they just stood there without a hurry.

“Someone, Someone’s shooting some arrows!”

Yelled the Bileon while holding up his shield. He was shooting without a sound so they didn’t know what the weapon was. They were confident that they could block it but the situation was harder than they thought. Protecting themselves from a gun was easier than protecting themselves from an arrow which is faster than a bullet.

Swooshhh... Panggg!

It barely reached the tree and they took a deep breath in relief. All of their enemies already knew their location so they started shooting arrows at random straight ahead. The arrow shots didn’t make any different noises compared to other weapons. It piercing through the dark with an incredible speed is what scared them.

Three more Bileons found themselves stuck on a tree. They weren’t dead but they were screaming in terror. He had the powerful arrows of a Dealer, a Tanker, and a Healer.

The most powerful one was the Tanker arrow but it flew in a very strange way and didn’t pin them to the tree so well.

-It’s an emergency! We need help! Team 6! Bring team 6! We’re being taken out!

-Sa..Save us, please!

The pastor’s hands shook in fear from what he had heard in the radio before the feed was cut off. He could hear the echoes of their screams from where they were.

“A level 6 dealer... Haha... Ridiculous. A level six monster hunter? Here?”

He looked through his memory inventory for a special level 6 hunter.

He already gave up on finding the enemy on surveillance as his men get themselves eaten by their own fears.

“Open the action cam.”

“This is another person who should suffer the church’s punishment. He’s only making things harder...”

He gathered both of his hands together and prayed for his punishment before he picked up his radio. He was already imagining the scenario of the Cheongun angels powerful force. Even if they were in the Church, a level six hunter could still mean a great disaster.

“Prepare us, angels.”

“What!”

Someone fell down. He then waited next to them and then bowed at two deaconesses before he left.

“A level six hunter... haha... But, we’re still very strong.”

He gritted his teeth and turned around, a hundred of experienced soldiers then lined up behind him.

“The situation is now unavoidable.”

He was staring at 300 soldiers who were standing right in front of him. There were believers in the shrine so he joined a few of them making it an army which was 300 strong. All of them were devotees who were out to deliver punishment to a level six hunter at their midst.

“Cheongun army force... Guard the church... Let’s stab that evil demon.”

“For the church’s honor...!”

“Let’s get the life offering!”

“Please... save us...”

They struggled to breath and speak.

Jaehwang lightly through the forest and away from those trees. He could run, but he couldn’t hide. They just continued on deeper into the forest, however, wasn’t really concern about them coming after him. At this point, all of them wanted to get away from him.

He started to get further out of sight and the people stuck to the tree soon lost sight of him.

“Save us...”

“Please...”

The person who was nailed onto the tree yelled as he saw Jaehwang. His eyes had opened wide as he saw a ghost. He wanted to complete his mission and see to it that he would recieve their church’s punishment.

“...Save me...”

He begged with all of his might. He felt like he was dying little by little. It was later in the cold of the night where he had fallen into shock.

Jaehwang stopped himself and stared at him without a shred of emotion.

“If you beg then I’ll save one out of all of you, but if you can’t beat me in time then yeah, I guess you already know what would happen.”

“Huh?...”

They didn’t know what to say to Jaehwang’s offering.

They just looked at him with tears in their eyes. They were begging for him to save them...One of them said they had a kid at home waiting... he said that he needed to be saved... he had never looked at them with a merciful heart before.

But then he thought that they could be lying, they were much more vicious, cruel and brutal than they looked. They enjoyed torturing and burning other people.

He wondered that maybe some of them weren’t as bad as they seem. He thought that maybe all, some or at least one of them could have been forced to enter into the church. They weren’t just criminals, some of them were forced to join after seeing their colleagues getting skinned alive. They had no choice.

“Me too... Me too... Only catch them. I want to come back. I want to... see my mom...”

He said still struggling in pain. Jaehwang then started moving once again.

Hunting A Wild Dog 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 67: Hunting A Wild Dog 3




-Don’t you think you’ll regret this?

The spirit asked him.

-I think so.

He answered as he continued to walk.

-But there’s a chance that they won’t bother us anymore once they had lived through this.

He said it was his rule and he knew what he had to do. In the end, it was just fair, that is, only if they survive.

-Hm...They were talking about the rule in the past.

-One second...

“Die!”

Jaehwang shouted as he shot someone who didn’t manage to hide. They had tried to run at the moment they saw the back fo their heads but Jaehwang still managed to find them.

Swoosh! Pangg!

He heard the sound of the arrow cutting through their skin.

“Wh...what happened...”

His limbs were cut off and was sent flying until it hit the ground. The arrow swayed around the air but it but was sharp as a knife as it stabbed itself into their arms and legs.

He found the strange arrow a little vague so he lowered his head.

It was the first time that something like that has happened and he felt a little disappointed. The arrow never acted that way during the times when he was hunting some monsters.

-What rule?

-Well... I like to hear their cries of pain.

-You’re ridiculous... how many arrows do you have left?

-24,290 Normal arrows... 311 baby arrows... 2 Monster hunting arrows... 30 exploding arrows... 34 Teleboard arrows and 20 baby teleboard arrows...

A Teleboard arrow was the one that Jaehwang made from monster feathers. He couldn’t think of a name for them so he named it from the monster he made it from.

-Use the exploding arrow from now on.

-Got it.

Blood was all over the ground, he could still hear their screams of agony but Jaehwang just walked away thinking that it was perfect punishment for the crime that they had committed.

“The surveillance... There are 43 people stationed at the power supply... It’s still silent.”

“That is our best location within our best rand, how could this be?”

“If it’s fast then it will reach it in just 10 minutes.”

Answered his faithful servant. The upcoming event gathered together up to 20 percent of the church’s followers. Even though there was a level 6 hunter on the loose, they weren’t going to let him ruin what they had planned for so long.

“Do you think that hunter would be scared of our troops?”

“Yes. I assume that he won’t kill them because they are followers of the church and there are lots of them there.”

The pastor shook his head at his answer. He was thinking the same thing. They were protected with their surveillance, he’s confident that none of them would die.

“They are going against a superhuman but they are good at finding a person’s weak point so it should be easy for them...”

He thought about all the high-ranked hunters he could command in his head.

“If they move in groups, the chances of them getting picked off would be decreased.”

“That’s right.”

He could only think of five in the end.

“Whew...”

“They are all so stubborn. Now that they’ve taken care of the army troops and their substitutions, we can do nothing but think about the extermination. If we’re lucky we can defeat a level two and three hunters. We have the same chances if it’s a level four but a level five or six would be difficult.”

Their skills were terrible but they were training themselves as much as possible to defeat those who were stronger than them. They don’t plan to be disappointed.

“And we also have the Cheongun angels on our side.”

Everyone in the church gathered all their strength and used the Cheongun angel as their weapon. It was still a prototype so it was unstable but they had no other choice.

The Cheongun angels runs on sacrificed humans and was always filled to its maximum power. It had superhuman strength and it had a skill that it could use to revive itself.

The top of the church was the heart of its power and protection. The soldiers’

eternal lifeline was the Cheongun angel.

“That level six hunter is really powerful... If he attacks us, we must not make a mistake because if we do, then we would fail.”

“Okay.”

“...I see...”

HyeJin’s shoulders started to tremble at the painful wails coming from all of his surroundings. The noise continued through at the dark of the night, making the woods as eerie as usual.

They had set a schedule after they finished up their preparation. They broke up their forces and all of them felt the slaughter that Jaehwang was doing, all of them were very curious about what was happening.

Joonghwi explained everything to Jaehwang in great detail. They had to avoid running into the enemy so he prepared the exploding arrows which he bought at Justin point and handed the rest of them over to Jaehwang.

He had bought a lot of random equipment even though he didn’t know that there would be a situation where he would get to use them. He originally planned to buy just the arrows for Jaehwang which costs up to 8000 dollars.

He knew that Jaehwang wasn’t used to the arrows yet but it gave him a peace of mind to hear the explosions and agonized screams of others in their area as if there was a funeral march.

“Are they okay?”

Mingyu asked as he looked at Joonghwi.

They knew that there were over 150 watchers around there somewhere. It was the information that they received a while ago. It was a possibility that the enemies had been reinforced so they couldn’t rule them out.

Jaehwang’s amazing skills had no limits. He was now there so he acted as if he couldn’t take a step back.

Joonghwi was lost in thought as fixed his radio.

Maybe the radio would work and they could warn Jaehwang to evacuate. He knew that changing his things up and expanding his choices were a good thing but it was important that all of the military plans were planned perfectly.

Joonghwi believed in Jaehwang. He believed that he followed his plan completely, he knew that he would do great. He chose it this way, his platoon followed Jaehwang’s footsteps even though it was hard for him but he still continued to move forward.

“We’ll wait.”

Joonghwi said and everyone shook their heads. If Joonghwi believed in Jaehwang then they had to too but none of them could shake off the worried look on their faces.

“He’s cruel...”

“He needs to be punished.”

“He’s the devil...”

They found them tied to the tree and couldn’t believe what they saw. There was blood all over the place and they were still screaming even though some of them could barely breathe.

“It’s a strong arrow for monster hunting. It cut the trees!”

“I know.”

They tried to pull the arrow out but it wouldn’t budge. They had to cut the tree first before they could even save them, problem was that they didn’t bring anything sharp enough to do it.

Pang! Pang! Pang!

The tree was gigantic and cutting was impossible. They could try to use an axe but that would use up so much time that they would die before they would be able to take it down.

“...I-i’m scared.”

One person said before he covered his mouth, everyone else there was thinking the same thing.

He took a small sack from them and disappeared.

“He’s not scared of the Cheongun angel!”

Yelled the watcher.

“Let’s pull out the arrows and get going!”

“Okay!”

They needed to pull out the arrows as fast as they could to save those injured people. Time passed by, their muscles were sore and their hands were covered in blood. They were starting to wonder if they would be able to get them out in time now that the pastor just stood there without a word.

“Ow!”

“It’s working...”

The arrows finally started to budge after they started to pull them but it woke up those who fainted and caused them to scream in pain once again. They started to bleed and eventually, they passed out from shock.

They were still trying their hardest to pull the arrows out and save them. Jaehwang then got up thinking he heard something.

He had only used short-distance arrows with his attacks but now, the situation had called it and he had decided to switch over to a mid-distance arrow. His arrows would be heavier and sharper than before, he also thought that using an exploding arrow now would be perfect.

Swoosh... Kwang!

Swoosh! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

“It’s an exploding arrow!”

“Ow! My leg!”

Swoosh! Kwangkwang!

“I found him! He’s using a heavy exploding arrow and he’s about 100 meters in that direction!”

Swoosh! Kwangkwang!

The heavy arrow shot through the air. He didn’t know how many people he already shot. He just switched his arrows in between as he aimed for heads.

“I..I don’t want to die!”

Yelled one guy hiding behind a tree.

“Stupid hunter...”

He was Chinese just like the majority of people that filled the Church.

A lot of their Korean colleagues died but he was relieved that he hasn’t so far. He didn’t care if anyone else died. He just wanted to keep himself safe.

But if he looked up into the sky at that moment he would probably see something suspicious...

Swoosh...

“Huh?”

There was the shadow of an arrow that suddenly passed by his head coming his way. He couldn’t do anything but stare at it. The arrow then landed on his head with a loud explosion.

Kwang!

And another person was dead.

Hunting A Wild Dog 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 68: Hunting Wild Dogs 4




“Found him!!”

The watcher shouted as he pointed at his direction.

“He’s 300 meters above the tree!”

“He’s an immoral bastard!”

The guard looked where the watcher was pointing. He saw Jaehwang pulling the string as a flame formed at the top of his head and lit up the area around him.

“I see him!”

They could never escape him. They couldn’t hide and they knew that he would chase them down until they die but every one of them had their hopes on him getting imprisoned.

“Good! He looks like an unbeliever of the church! Everyone, attack! Get the Cheongun angel!”

They were scared but got into action after the watcher’s command.

Jaehwang continued to launch exploding arrows but the number of arrows was limited and the enemy troops had started to scatter. There were 300 hunters. The ones who were hurt were instantly getting treated. The remaining ones were filled with anger as they climbed up the tree to get closer to him.

Pang! Pang! Pang!

They put on their armor to avoid receiving further damages. With that, the SamJeon church followers rushed ahead.

-Do something! You could get hurt if they get to you!.

-I know.

Jaehwang answered as he looked up at the flames over his head. The flames were coming from all of the energy inside of him. It wrapped around him like a spider web but Jaehwang didn’t mind it at all. He could feel its intense heat but it didn’t matter, he shrugged the idea of him getting hurt.

‘Tiger Hunter’

Swooshhh...

He flew using his tiger hunter ability and the red flames disappeared. Tiger hunter wasn’t a simple skill that hides him. If it was then it just be treated as a unique skill.

He had to be completely focused. It was more powerful than any other skill even some of the upper-ranked skills.

“Argh!”

The troops aiming for the fire stopped in their tracks as it had disappeared like a mirage. Now they could die by his shooting. The fight was not really much of a big challenge and he was able to understand the watcher’s detecting skill.

Just as the saying goes ‘like a dog that has been chasing a chicken watched the roof’, It was the time to finally cook the chicken.

-The exploding arrows are running low.

-Huh... Oh, it looks like they are running low.

-There’s a price tag... $8,000 per arrow. I got it when it was for 24,000.

Recently, he’s been being careful about his spending. The spirit said the price and he felt a little anxious.

-Maybe they weren’t worth it. Give me the exploding capsule.

-They’ll become bald headed.

The distance was a little far but Jaehwang was like Superman. The exploding capsule was heavy but that was good, it would make a huge impact if it had reached their enemies. He didn’t have a throwing skill but that was no problem. It would be fine even if he threw not that far.

Wooshhh...

He threw three of the exploding capsules. He didn’t even think about waiting for them to explode and just took two more of them in his hand and threw them. He threw them randomly and as hard as he could.

Kwang kwang kwang!!! Kwang kwang!

Jaehwang quickly ran and the capsules started to explode.

Kwang kwang kang!

They wanted to finish baptizing the exploding arrow but they got caught it with its impact. The explosion swept them all away started a trail of flame that reached up into the air. The exploding capsule something that had been only used by the military.

It was a good item to use for monster hunting and were remade into the exploding capsules as a better weapon. That capsule’s effect grew as Jaehwang threw it.

“Save us!”

“Hot! Hot!!”

“S-save us...”

The place was covered in fire. One of them protected himself with his protection skill and one who two others sank into the fire. They were kind of lucky by the exploding capsule’s effect. They were screaming because of their severe burns but they were alive.

-You’re all out of exploding capsules.

-I see.

His hand was empty. He threw all twenty of them.

Jaehwang escaped and looked back at the roaring flames reaching up into the sky. He could feel his energy rising. He could just sit back and relax and let it recharge but staying still like that works just as well.

-I don’t like it.

Jaehwang said.

-It is a lot.

-Yeah.

He had dished out a lot of firepower but there was still a lot of enemies. They were yelling and screaming but they had a healer. About 60 of them died and some just got hurt. Jaehwang couldn’t think of one variable in that place.

-It’s dangerous!

The spirit tried to warn him but, it was too late.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

Jaehwang then yelled. He turned around, he saw a giant boulder that was then shattered into pieces and its fragments had hit him. Jaehwang who was floating in the air then fell into the tree.

Kwang kwang!

The flames stained his armor as he fell down.

Swoo..ting ting...

Two arrows had hit his armor but it bounced right off.

-It’s stronger than I thought. The Teleboard arrow!

Swooshh... Pang pang!

Jaehwang’s strongest flew through the air.

Ting!

The impact wasn’t so big for him, it just left a bruise on his armor and besides that, everything was fine. He then landed on the ground.

‘Tiger Hunter’

He then started running as he was surrounded by darkness. The enemies didn’t get to see him.

They continued to scream while due to their burns. He flew into the air to avoid the flames that doomed those who stood below.

-That sounds like a tiger, the thing that you’re doing.

-Was that a joke?

Jaehwang said, in response to the noise made by his armor as he ran. The military grade armor worked out fine.

There were shards that would poke into him when he used it. Sharp shards that were almost 5 centimeters long. They were stabbing into his hand.

-You have to hunt tigers but there are so many wild dogs.

-Yeah. There’s a lot of them.

-Don’t you have to handle the wild dogs first?

Jaehwang just kept moving. He didn’t know how strong the armor was but he kept going just to make sure he was safe.

He continued to walk and he then put the headset on his ears.

-Leader

-We were waiting, we thought you were dead.

-Sorry.

Jaehwang apologized to Joonghwi. He hadn’t returned for a long time but Joonghwi let it go and continued on with the conversation.

-Is it time?

-Yes, it’s time.

-Great, now find a good place to hide.

-Hah! They should hide from me.

-Haha, alright, alright.

He finished the conversation with Jaehwang and hung up the radio. He looked around. They were more camouflaged than ever. Joonghwi, Peji and HyeJin took weapons and shared an excited look.

“Okay... Shall we do our part?”

“Yes!”

“Okay, on the count of three, let’s go.”

“Yes, leader!”

The platoon members answered with a smile. They were ready to finally get into action. They were now ready to play with fire.

“Three... Two... One... Let’s go!”

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

Giant flames shot up due to a big explosion at the giant footprint that ruptured some of their enemy’s ears as the cliff started to collapse.

Everyone in the valley flew away back to their nests when they thought that it was over but they got to watch their nest get destroyed along with it from below. They could do nothing but scream.

“The giant footprint area will now be completely destroyed”

Joonghwi said as he prepared under the veil of his camouflage.

“First, don’t enter the valley creatures’ habitat ... You can step into their habitat, they are quite docile. Even if you hunt there, just don’t bother them and you’ll be fine. And the second thing to know is that they have a very good sense of smell so be careful... They’re known to fly over the valley and scoop someone up by the head if they saw or sensed them. And what was the most important thing?”

“Never bother the valley creature queen. Never, ever, ever...”

HyeJin was then completely hidden in his camouflage.

“Got it? The moment you bother the queen... all the creatures of the valley will come after you. And they will rip you to shreds...”

Hunting Wild Dogs 4, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 69: The Huntsman




Kwang kwang!!

Hundreds of valley creatures flew up in the air to get away from the collapsing cliff.

They flew together into the light of the blue moon that covers them.

“Coming here was their own mistake. Maybe if they’ll never act like this again then they could come back. This kind of behavior is an instant penalty. But if they go to Justin point then that will be a complete mess... But you know what? If we die...”

“Argh!”

Some of the monsters were four times faster than what they had encountered before. The giant footprint was inhabited by the queen and its nest was not destroyed leaving a cloud of dust around it.

.

The queen gave a resentful gaze towards those insects before her.

There was light shining down on the giant footprint as if it was the middle of the day so she could see the criminals swarming below.

“Wh...What’s that?”

“..It’s crazy...”

“...It’s... the queen...”

The church was chasing down the devil (Jaehwang) and looked up to the sky that was filled with the valley creatures. They lowered their weapons as the saw the light from the high roaring fire. The monsters looked down on them from the air and they were scared to even think of running away.

“...It’s a trap.”

The Queen was angry.

They weren’t entirely dumb even though they are not well known for their intelligence. They knew that they were hunters and the only rule that ensures their survival was to never bother the queen. It was a law that could be easily justified and understood but they didn’t know that and attacked. Almost everyone knew that if you tried to mess with the creatures of the valley, they will fight back.

The queen then roared as it flew up into the sky and at that moment, thousands of valley creatures came down charging towards the ground.

“Save us!”

It turned into a hell. The valley creatures were flying through the flames aiming for the Bileons down below. This had happened because of Joonghwi’s plan but they didn’t care about that. Their queen was attacked and they needed to get their revenge.

“Go away! Get lost!”

One of the Bileons yelled.

“Ahhh!”

He was then torn into pieces by their claws. The rest of them gave up and tried to escape but the valley creatures were much faster than they were.

“Ahhh!!”

A shadow had cast the ground as if it was a huge could and soon, there were many creatures rushing into the ground. It wasn’t a normal act of them preying upon those who were weaker than them, they were just tearing them to pieces and when they die, their items would fall into the ground.

“There’s so many.”

The Queen was below the nest when it happened so it crawled out of its nest to safety. Joonghwi got up as well and looked at the disaster with a smile. Shiny objects would fall out of them when they get killed.

“Now we can get some objects to bring back to the army troops...”

“Leader... Please...”

Peji pleaded as he shook in fear inside his camouflage. The feeling they had before of wanting to play with fire had already disappeared. He explained the plan and he mentioned about the mess that would happen with the valley creatures but they didn’t think things would end up like this. Peji was shocked and felt a little disappointed at his platoon leader.

If they were unlucky, then the valley creatures would tear them apart at the moment they see them.

“I know. It’s a lot...”

Joonghwi said as he kept his smile. He didn’t want to risk their lives as well.

Jaehwang was hiding behind a giant boulder while he watched the valley creatures quietly digging through the leaves

-What are you doing?

-It’s intense. I want to try hiding somewhere deeper...

He dug deep through the leaves making a hole big enough to fit him. The sky was filled with valley creatures and Bileons were being torn to shreds one by one. Blood flying all over the place to the point that he could sometimes see a double rainbow coming out.

There were so many valley creatures randomly flying and ripping them apart. Hiding was the wisest thing to do.

-You’re a little mean.

-Yes. I’m sorry... I know.

Jaehwang was completely hidden beneath the leaves. He could see out of them and everything that was going on out there with the help of the spirit.

-Then why did you take the plan this far?... That Joonghwi is not a normal person.

-He’s like a psycho.

Jaehwang didn’t even think about how they would explain this disaster when they went back to Justin point. Joonghwi will have to be the one to explain it because he’s the leader of the platoon and planned the mission. The giant footprint was quite a popular place for hunters. They were many things to catch and the by-product of a valley creature could be traded off for a high price.

But because of Joonghwi’s plan and everything that’s happening, the giant footprint area may never be the same. The monster’s habitat had become safe and the queen’s nest had been decorated. If this isn’t what he really wanted then he shouldn’t carry out this crazy plan.

-Everything’s looking great.

-Yeah.

Things had started to calm down all of the church members in the are had been destroyed but there was a man wearing a black armor that remained.

There were many creatures heading towards him but they couldn’t claw through his armor. The mystery guy then grabbed the creatures that were trying to attack him and broke their wings as well as their neck.

There were monsters piled up like a mountain all around him. The queen then followed with a screech and she also encountered the same problem. When she realized that her claws weren’t working she started to put more into it.

She got through his defence. The other valley creatures were taken down but he was still outnumbered and before they knew it, the man was high up in the sky.

The monsters had let him go and started to fall into the ground.

Kwang!

There was a loud noise along with that impact.

The queen screeched again and the valley creatures repeated the same process.

One time... Two times... Three times... Four times... Five times...

The mystery showed no reaction to any of it. Anyone would have died no matter how tough their armor was and even his armor was reduced in rags after two drops.

The queen dropped the man around the area and her nest was completely destroyed. The queen then flew around to make sure that the mystery man was dead but there was a terrible lapse in her judgment.

Pang...

He flew up into the air holding onto the queen’s foot. He pretended to be dead and waited to get close.

The queen was startled and tried swaying her foot to get him off and the mystery guy screamed and moved to her wing.. The queen was flying all over the place trying to get him off but soon they both fell into the ground.

Pang pang pang!

The mystery man broke the queen’s spine and decapitated her.

The moment they saw that the queen’s head was taken off, all of the valley creatures screamed in terror and started to escape. They had another place to stay but their entire colony collapse now that the queen had died.

-He’s powerful.

-Yeah... He is powerful.

Jaehwang agreed to the spirit. He was really strong. Jaehwang wouldn’t even be able to win in a situation like that. If he used a skill then the armor would have never broken and even if it did then there was no guarantee that the mystery man would have died. He didn’t know how he did it and how he took the pain but he did a great job.

-Well, shall we go out hunting?

Jaehwang wasn’t thinking of giving up. He wasn’t a warrior champion and didn’t do it often, all he did was hunt monsters. Hunters never tried to test their skills to fight against enemies. Hunters just practiced hunting, it was a matter of success and failure and if they failed, then they could then try again. He was digging into a bit of sharp trap.

Swoosh... Swoosh...

Jaehwang made more space in the leaves he was hiding in.

-Hey... can you raise the limit?

-Okay. There will be a terribly bad strong smell of gunpowder.

Teukteuk.. Teukteukteuk...

Jaehwang used an explosive bomb from inside the military bus. Now there were only five of them left. He got a bomb and created a landmine. Aside from the safety of the landmine, Jaehwang had to be careful of using his tiger hunter energy in there.

After traveling through the tunnel, he headed towards the city.

Tuekteuk.. Teuk...

A falling pebble hit into a boulder making a loud noise as it rolled off and scared the mystery man.

Click... Click...

They heard a clicking noise followed by a growling sound from a big wild animal, the mystery man then walked towards it. The boulder stopped rolling and he picked up the pebble in his hand as he turned his head around. He didn’t see anything and the moment he turned himself around, he heard a clicking noise beneath his feet.

Kwang kwang kwang kwang!!!

There was a series of explosions.

The Huntsman, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 70: Meeting A Friend In A Strange Place




Kwang kwang! Kwang kwang kwang!!

Whoosh...

“Huh...”

There was a loud explosion and Jaehwang was thrown back, disabling his tiger hunter ability.

“...”

The plan was not going so well. It was his first time using it and he didn’t expect it to explode that much.

Taktak... Tak...

Jaehwang then stood up and dusted himself off, he started to get tensed up with his current situation.

Click... Click...

There was a sound of sound of something hitting into metal three meters away from the bombed area. He was frightened at the idea of one of them being alive. He then prepared to defend himself in case something was there.

Click...

Most of his armor had been blown off besides the ones covering his right arm and chest. His left arm was burned and the rest of his body was not in a good condition. He tried to walk but he soon lost his strength and fell onto his knees. The thing that surprised Jaehwang was his face.

His helmet had blown off and revealed his young complexion. His hair had been burned off and his face had red burns but it looked familiar.

He got up and he tried to take a better look at his face and he then saw that it was his friend, DongChul.

“DongChul?”

Jaehwang dull expression was brightened.

He didn’t know what to say. He went training to be a Gagseog army trooper but he asked himself why was he with the Bileons. Jaehwang’s mind turned blank.

“.....”

Dong Chul then turned around and faced him, their eyes had met and there, he realized his mistake.

Dong Chul suddenly ran towards him at full speed to attack. Jaehwang was surprised so he stepped back and ran but Dong Chul caught up to him.

Kya!

He tried to punch him with all his strength but Jaehwang quickly dodged it. It was almost like a clever surprise attack but it was also too predictable that one might call it stupid. His attacks were just fine even though both of her arms were dislocated, it felt like he’s fighting a fifth tier monster.

-Get away from him you idiot!

-I know!

Jaehwang replied to the spirit as he tried to get away with Dong Chul right behind him. All of his armor had fallen off so he was able to run much faster than before. He looked back and got even more anxious as seeing it as his tail.

Jaehwang had never run so fast before. He thought of hiding and using his tiger hunter skill but the time for that was already up.

Kwang kwang kwang!

DongChul then tried to punch him again and Jaehwang ducked his head to avoid it. He then got an arrow and stabbed the tip of it into DongChul’s forearm.

He buried it deep into his skin as he aimed at where his joint was supposed to be. Dong Chul looked as if he didn’t feel it at all and reached out his hand to try and grab Jaehwang’s throat.

“His skin isn’t cast iron. Well then, next!”

Jaehwang dodged his hand and gave him an uppercut. He thought that using attacks that violently shook the brain was a way to make someone instantly lose consciousness.

Kya!

DongChul then tried to elbow Jaehwang’s head in response to his attack. He dodged it again but then DongChol quickly healed himself from his previous attacks.

“His recovery skills are amazing.”

He understood all of Jaehwang’s attacks. Jaehwang was hit by the attack. Until then he didn’t have a hard time getting affected by those kinds of blows.

Jaehwang then tried to escape by running up the nearby tree. DongChul then followed him and punched everything as they went up.

Woosh...

Jaehwang then flew to a different tree without looking back.

-Is that your old friend?

-Yeah.

-He wasn’t always like this, was he?

-No, something’s wrong.

He was a Gagseog, he was attacked dozens of times but he didn’t die and seemed completely fine. He could even heal himself. His skin was burned and stabbed but he healed everything.

He seemed indestructible but Jaehwang knew his weak spot.

He could escape to safety as he was healing himself but every time he healed himself his body’s volume would get smaller. It must take a lot of energy and there was still that arrow that was stabbed into him.

-What’s going happening?

-I found his weakness.

He escaped up into the tree and prepared his Teleboard arrow.

“The exploding arrow!”

Pang!

He had two arrows to choose from but he just launched one after another.

Kwang kwang!

A large explosion knocked Dong Chul back at the nearby giant tree.

It looked like it did a lot of damage but he still had a lot of strength left. He made a loud screeching noise as he hit into the tree. Jaehwang was anxious so he launched another one. He didn’t want to do it but he had no other choice.

“Moving strong arrow!”

“Exploding strong arrow!”

“Moving strong arrow!”

“Moving exploding arrow!”

“Exploding strong arrow!”

Kwang kwang kwang! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang kwang!

He continuously launched arrows at DongChul. The first arrow flew right off of him but one by one, the attacks started to affect him more and more. He kept going until he was drained from his energy.

He launched another Teleboard arrow with his bleeding fingers. His blood was all over his bowstring and if he didn’t use his healing skill, it would get only worse.

“Now stop.”

His chest that was covered in armor was now riddled with injuries due to the arrows that Jaehwang gave him. DongChul was screeching in pain even though he tried his best to go easy on him. He was supposed to aim for his head but he didn’t want to kill him.

He was still conscious but he couldn’t stand. He could use his healing skill but he was completely out of energy.

Jaehwang wanted to spare him but he would just continue to try and kill him. So he raised his bow once more and set his head in his sights. He couldn’t pull back the string no matter how hard he tried, he was his only friend.

The spirit then spoke to him.

-Maybe there’s a connection to find with you and your friend’s energy.

-Huh?

Jaehwang responded with a confused tone as he lowered his bow.

-What do you mean?

-Your friend’s strength started to fall but now it’s become quite strong. It’s just a guess but isn’t your friend an expert at control...

-I don’t know.

A red light then started to come out of DongChul. The light went up to the sky and then landed in the stacked corpse of the dead Bileons.

-That looks like something he’s controlling.

-I see.

Jaehwang looked over and saw what was going on. There were no skills left that DongChul could use but he Jaehwang just used all of his strength to overpower him. Jaehwang then got a Teleboard arrow and pulled the string.

“Moving arrow-....”

He prepared the best attack that he could do.

“Exploding-...”

Whiii... Swooshh... Swoosh...

The wind then gathered at the center of his arrow.

“Strong arrow!”

Jiijijig!!

A stream of white light covered the arrow from the tip and made it vibrate. He gathered all of the energy that he could dish out and forced it inside.

“Die.”

He then released it.

Pukang!!

The arrow had left a giant sonic boom that sent him flying backward. He avoided the impact as much as he can and when he got up, he looked at the Teleoard arrow in the air.

Pang!!

The pile of Bileon corpses exploded and two of them came running out.

“Pastor! Look out!”

It was hard for the pastor to follow along and he yelled as he saw the fast arrow. With his skills and experience, there was a half-and-half probability that he could have blocked off the attack.

But it was an attack from a level six hunter. He could take blows from other classes of hunters but taking a shot from a level five or six was a different story.

He took out a cross shaped sword and used his strongest skill. He gathered all the energy in his body and was able to block off the attack with a lethal technique. The arrow and his attack came in contact with each other and the arrow went flying in the opposite direction.

“Phew...”

He used all of his strength to block it off and instead of blocking it off completely, it flew off to someone else.

“Pastor...Look out...”

Pang!

The arrow’s explosion was louder than his voice. He believed in his faithful servant and didn’t look back and just ran. The back of the pastor’s head was hit. However, if his faithful servant didn’t warn him then he would have died. The Pastor had the strength of a fifth tier monster and he had a human life-saving skill to save one or two people... But he then lost consciousness as something that looked like a piece of scrap garbage came flying into him.

His faithful servant then looked and got angry seeing that what hit him was an arrow. He then started to quickly run towards the pastor. He then saw something small and shiny where the pastor was laying and went to pick it up.

-Aren’t you going to escape...

Jaehwang looked around in anger. It wasn’t what he expected. He didn’t know that he had been drawing some energy from two other people that managed to hide themselves. He managed to pick off one but the other one was capable enough to escape.

-Huh... My head hurts.

Jaehwang then said with a hollow smile.

Meeting A Friend In A Strange Place, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 71: Hunting A Wild Dog 3




-Don’t you think you’ll regret this?

The spirit asked him.

-I think so.

He answered as he continued to walk.

-But there’s a chance that they won’t bother us anymore once they had lived through this.

He said it was his rule and he knew what he had to do. In the end, it was just fair, that is, only if they survive.

-Hm...They were talking about the rule in the past.

-One second...

“Die!”

Jaehwang shouted as he shot someone who didn’t manage to hide. They had tried to run at the moment they saw the back fo their heads but Jaehwang still managed to find them.

Swoosh! Pangg!

He heard the sound of the arrow cutting through their skin.

“Wh...what happened...”

His limbs were cut off and was sent flying until it hit the ground. The arrow swayed around the air but it but was sharp as a knife as it stabbed itself into their arms and legs.

He found the strange arrow a little vague so he lowered his head.

It was the first time that something like that has happened and he felt a little disappointed. The arrow never acted that way during the times when he was hunting some monsters.

-What rule?

-Well... I like to hear their cries of pain.

-You’re ridiculous... how many arrows do you have left?

-24,290 Normal arrows... 311 baby arrows... 2 Monster hunting arrows... 30 exploding arrows... 34 Teleboard arrows and 20 baby teleboard arrows...

A Teleboard arrow was the one that Jaehwang made from monster feathers. He couldn’t think of a name for them so he named it from the monster he made it from.

-Use the exploding arrow from now on.

-Got it.

Blood was all over the ground, he could still hear their screams of agony but Jaehwang just walked away thinking that it was perfect punishment for the crime that they had committed.

“The surveillance... There are 43 people stationed at the power supply... It’s still silent.”

“That is our best location within our best rand, how could this be?”

“If it’s fast then it will reach it in just 10 minutes.”

Answered his faithful servant. The upcoming event gathered together up to 20 percent of the church’s followers. Even though there was a level 6 hunter on the loose, they weren’t going to let him ruin what they had planned for so long.

“Do you think that hunter would be scared of our troops?”

“Yes. I assume that he won’t kill them because they are followers of the church and there are lots of them there.”

The pastor shook his head at his answer. He was thinking the same thing. They were protected with their surveillance, he’s confident that none of them would die.

“They are going against a superhuman but they are good at finding a person’s weak point so it should be easy for them...”

He thought about all the high-ranked hunters he could command in his head.

“If they move in groups, the chances of them getting picked off would be decreased.”

“That’s right.”

He could only think of five in the end.

“Whew...”

“They are all so stubborn. Now that they’ve taken care of the army troops and their substitutions, we can do nothing but think about the extermination. If we’re lucky we can defeat a level two and three hunters. We have the same chances if it’s a level four but a level five or six would be difficult.”

Their skills were terrible but they were training themselves as much as possible to defeat those who were stronger than them. They don’t plan to be disappointed.

“And we also have the Cheongun angels on our side.”

Everyone in the church gathered all their strength and used the Cheongun angel as their weapon. It was still a prototype so it was unstable but they had no other choice.

The Cheongun angels runs on sacrificed humans and was always filled to its maximum power. It had superhuman strength and it had a skill that it could use to revive itself.

The top of the church was the heart of its power and protection. The soldiers’

eternal lifeline was the Cheongun angel.

“That level six hunter is really powerful... If he attacks us, we must not make a mistake because if we do, then we would fail.”

“Okay.”

“...I see...”

HyeJin’s shoulders started to tremble at the painful wails coming from all of his surroundings. The noise continued through at the dark of the night, making the woods as eerie as usual.

They had set a schedule after they finished up their preparation. They broke up their forces and all of them felt the slaughter that Jaehwang was doing, all of them were very curious about what was happening.

Joonghwi explained everything to Jaehwang in great detail. They had to avoid running into the enemy so he prepared the exploding arrows which he bought at Justin point and handed the rest of them over to Jaehwang.

He had bought a lot of random equipment even though he didn’t know that there would be a situation where he would get to use them. He originally planned to buy just the arrows for Jaehwang which costs up to 8000 dollars.

He knew that Jaehwang wasn’t used to the arrows yet but it gave him a peace of mind to hear the explosions and agonized screams of others in their area as if there was a funeral march.

“Are they okay?”

Mingyu asked as he looked at Joonghwi.

They knew that there were over 150 watchers around there somewhere. It was the information that they received a while ago. It was a possibility that the enemies had been reinforced so they couldn’t rule them out.

Jaehwang’s amazing skills had no limits. He was now there so he acted as if he couldn’t take a step back.

Joonghwi was lost in thought as fixed his radio.

Maybe the radio would work and they could warn Jaehwang to evacuate. He knew that changing his things up and expanding his choices were a good thing but it was important that all of the military plans were planned perfectly.

Joonghwi believed in Jaehwang. He believed that he followed his plan completely, he knew that he would do great. He chose it this way, his platoon followed Jaehwang’s footsteps even though it was hard for him but he still continued to move forward.

“We’ll wait.”

Joonghwi said and everyone shook their heads. If Joonghwi believed in Jaehwang then they had to too but none of them could shake off the worried look on their faces.

“He’s cruel...”

“He needs to be punished.”

“He’s the devil...”

They found them tied to the tree and couldn’t believe what they saw. There was blood all over the place and they were still screaming even though some of them could barely breathe.

“It’s a strong arrow for monster hunting. It cut the trees!”

“I know.”

They tried to pull the arrow out but it wouldn’t budge. They had to cut the tree first before they could even save them, problem was that they didn’t bring anything sharp enough to do it.

Pang! Pang! Pang!

The tree was gigantic and cutting was impossible. They could try to use an axe but that would use up so much time that they would die before they would be able to take it down.

“...I-i’m scared.”

One person said before he covered his mouth, everyone else there was thinking the same thing.

He took a small sack from them and disappeared.

“He’s not scared of the Cheongun angel!”

Yelled the watcher.

“Let’s pull out the arrows and get going!”

“Okay!”

They needed to pull out the arrows as fast as they could to save those injured people. Time passed by, their muscles were sore and their hands were covered in blood. They were starting to wonder if they would be able to get them out in time now that the pastor just stood there without a word.

“Ow!”

“It’s working...”

The arrows finally started to budge after they started to pull them but it woke up those who fainted and caused them to scream in pain once again. They started to bleed and eventually, they passed out from shock.

They were still trying their hardest to pull the arrows out and save them. Jaehwang then got up thinking he heard something.

He had only used short-distance arrows with his attacks but now, the situation had called it and he had decided to switch over to a mid-distance arrow. His arrows would be heavier and sharper than before, he also thought that using an exploding arrow now would be perfect.

Swoosh... Kwang!

Swoosh! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

“It’s an exploding arrow!”

“Ow! My leg!”

Swoosh! Kwangkwang!

“I found him! He’s using a heavy exploding arrow and he’s about 100 meters in that direction!”

Swoosh! Kwangkwang!

The heavy arrow shot through the air. He didn’t know how many people he already shot. He just switched his arrows in between as he aimed for heads.

“I..I don’t want to die!”

Yelled one guy hiding behind a tree.

“Stupid hunter...”

He was Chinese just like the majority of people that filled the Church.

A lot of their Korean colleagues died but he was relieved that he hasn’t so far. He didn’t care if anyone else died. He just wanted to keep himself safe.

But if he looked up into the sky at that moment he would probably see something suspicious...

Swoosh...

“Huh?”

There was the shadow of an arrow that suddenly passed by his head coming his way. He couldn’t do anything but stare at it. The arrow then landed on his head with a loud explosion.

Kwang!

And another person was dead.

Hunting A Wild Dog 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 72: Hunting Wild Dogs 4




“Found him!!”

The watcher shouted as he pointed at his direction.

“He’s 300 meters above the tree!”

“He’s an immoral bastard!”

The guard looked where the watcher was pointing. He saw Jaehwang pulling the string as a flame formed at the top of his head and lit up the area around him.

“I see him!”

They could never escape him. They couldn’t hide and they knew that he would chase them down until they die but every one of them had their hopes on him getting imprisoned.

“Good! He looks like an unbeliever of the church! Everyone, attack! Get the Cheongun angel!”

They were scared but got into action after the watcher’s command.

Jaehwang continued to launch exploding arrows but the number of arrows was limited and the enemy troops had started to scatter. There were 300 hunters. The ones who were hurt were instantly getting treated. The remaining ones were filled with anger as they climbed up the tree to get closer to him.

Pang! Pang! Pang!

They put on their armor to avoid receiving further damages. With that, the SamJeon church followers rushed ahead.

-Do something! You could get hurt if they get to you!.

-I know.

Jaehwang answered as he looked up at the flames over his head. The flames were coming from all of the energy inside of him. It wrapped around him like a spider web but Jaehwang didn’t mind it at all. He could feel its intense heat but it didn’t matter, he shrugged the idea of him getting hurt.

‘Tiger Hunter’

Swooshhh...

He flew using his tiger hunter ability and the red flames disappeared. Tiger hunter wasn’t a simple skill that hides him. If it was then it just be treated as a unique skill.

He had to be completely focused. It was more powerful than any other skill even some of the upper-ranked skills.

“Argh!”

The troops aiming for the fire stopped in their tracks as it had disappeared like a mirage. Now they could die by his shooting. The fight was not really much of a big challenge and he was able to understand the watcher’s detecting skill.

Just as the saying goes ‘like a dog that has been chasing a chicken watched the roof’, It was the time to finally cook the chicken.

-The exploding arrows are running low.

-Huh... Oh, it looks like they are running low.

-There’s a price tag... $8,000 per arrow. I got it when it was for 24,000.

Recently, he’s been being careful about his spending. The spirit said the price and he felt a little anxious.

-Maybe they weren’t worth it. Give me the exploding capsule.

-They’ll become bald headed.

The distance was a little far but Jaehwang was like Superman. The exploding capsule was heavy but that was good, it would make a huge impact if it had reached their enemies. He didn’t have a throwing skill but that was no problem. It would be fine even if he threw not that far.

Wooshhh...

He threw three of the exploding capsules. He didn’t even think about waiting for them to explode and just took two more of them in his hand and threw them. He threw them randomly and as hard as he could.

Kwang kwang kwang!!! Kwang kwang!

Jaehwang quickly ran and the capsules started to explode.

Kwang kwang kang!

They wanted to finish baptizing the exploding arrow but they got caught it with its impact. The explosion swept them all away started a trail of flame that reached up into the air. The exploding capsule something that had been only used by the military.

It was a good item to use for monster hunting and were remade into the exploding capsules as a better weapon. That capsule’s effect grew as Jaehwang threw it.

“Save us!”

“Hot! Hot!!”

“S-save us...”

The place was covered in fire. One of them protected himself with his protection skill and one who two others sank into the fire. They were kind of lucky by the exploding capsule’s effect. They were screaming because of their severe burns but they were alive.

-You’re all out of exploding capsules.

-I see.

His hand was empty. He threw all twenty of them.

Jaehwang escaped and looked back at the roaring flames reaching up into the sky. He could feel his energy rising. He could just sit back and relax and let it recharge but staying still like that works just as well.

-I don’t like it.

Jaehwang said.

-It is a lot.

-Yeah.

He had dished out a lot of firepower but there was still a lot of enemies. They were yelling and screaming but they had a healer. About 60 of them died and some just got hurt. Jaehwang couldn’t think of one variable in that place.

-It’s dangerous!

The spirit tried to warn him but, it was too late.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

Jaehwang then yelled. He turned around, he saw a giant boulder that was then shattered into pieces and its fragments had hit him. Jaehwang who was floating in the air then fell into the tree.

Kwang kwang!

The flames stained his armor as he fell down.

Swoo..ting ting...

Two arrows had hit his armor but it bounced right off.

-It’s stronger than I thought. The Teleboard arrow!

Swooshh... Pang pang!

Jaehwang’s strongest flew through the air.

Ting!

The impact wasn’t so big for him, it just left a bruise on his armor and besides that, everything was fine. He then landed on the ground.

‘Tiger Hunter’

He then started running as he was surrounded by darkness. The enemies didn’t get to see him.

They continued to scream while due to their burns. He flew into the air to avoid the flames that doomed those who stood below.

-That sounds like a tiger, the thing that you’re doing.

-Was that a joke?

Jaehwang said, in response to the noise made by his armor as he ran. The military grade armor worked out fine.

There were shards that would poke into him when he used it. Sharp shards that were almost 5 centimeters long. They were stabbing into his hand.

-You have to hunt tigers but there are so many wild dogs.

-Yeah. There’s a lot of them.

-Don’t you have to handle the wild dogs first?

Jaehwang just kept moving. He didn’t know how strong the armor was but he kept going just to make sure he was safe.

He continued to walk and he then put the headset on his ears.

-Leader

-We were waiting, we thought you were dead.

-Sorry.

Jaehwang apologized to Joonghwi. He hadn’t returned for a long time but Joonghwi let it go and continued on with the conversation.

-Is it time?

-Yes, it’s time.

-Great, now find a good place to hide.

-Hah! They should hide from me.

-Haha, alright, alright.

He finished the conversation with Jaehwang and hung up the radio. He looked around. They were more camouflaged than ever. Joonghwi, Peji and HyeJin took weapons and shared an excited look.

“Okay... Shall we do our part?”

“Yes!”

“Okay, on the count of three, let’s go.”

“Yes, leader!”

The platoon members answered with a smile. They were ready to finally get into action. They were now ready to play with fire.

“Three... Two... One... Let’s go!”

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

Giant flames shot up due to a big explosion at the giant footprint that ruptured some of their enemy’s ears as the cliff started to collapse.

Everyone in the valley flew away back to their nests when they thought that it was over but they got to watch their nest get destroyed along with it from below. They could do nothing but scream.

“The giant footprint area will now be completely destroyed”

Joonghwi said as he prepared under the veil of his camouflage.

“First, don’t enter the valley creatures’ habitat ... You can step into their habitat, they are quite docile. Even if you hunt there, just don’t bother them and you’ll be fine. And the second thing to know is that they have a very good sense of smell so be careful... They’re known to fly over the valley and scoop someone up by the head if they saw or sensed them. And what was the most important thing?”

“Never bother the valley creature queen. Never, ever, ever...”

HyeJin was then completely hidden in his camouflage.

“Got it? The moment you bother the queen... all the creatures of the valley will come after you. And they will rip you to shreds...”

Hunting Wild Dogs 4, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 73: The Huntsman




Kwang kwang!!

Hundreds of valley creatures flew up in the air to get away from the collapsing cliff.

They flew together into the light of the blue moon that covers them.

“Coming here was their own mistake. Maybe if they’ll never act like this again then they could come back. This kind of behavior is an instant penalty. But if they go to Justin point then that will be a complete mess... But you know what? If we die...”

“Argh!”

Some of the monsters were four times faster than what they had encountered before. The giant footprint was inhabited by the queen and its nest was not destroyed leaving a cloud of dust around it.

.

The queen gave a resentful gaze towards those insects before her.

There was light shining down on the giant footprint as if it was the middle of the day so she could see the criminals swarming below.

“Wh...What’s that?”

“..It’s crazy...”

“...It’s... the queen...”

The church was chasing down the devil (Jaehwang) and looked up to the sky that was filled with the valley creatures. They lowered their weapons as the saw the light from the high roaring fire. The monsters looked down on them from the air and they were scared to even think of running away.

“...It’s a trap.”

The Queen was angry.

They weren’t entirely dumb even though they are not well known for their intelligence. They knew that they were hunters and the only rule that ensures their survival was to never bother the queen. It was a law that could be easily justified and understood but they didn’t know that and attacked. Almost everyone knew that if you tried to mess with the creatures of the valley, they will fight back.

The queen then roared as it flew up into the sky and at that moment, thousands of valley creatures came down charging towards the ground.

“Save us!”

It turned into a hell. The valley creatures were flying through the flames aiming for the Bileons down below. This had happened because of Joonghwi’s plan but they didn’t care about that. Their queen was attacked and they needed to get their revenge.

“Go away! Get lost!”

One of the Bileons yelled.

“Ahhh!”

He was then torn into pieces by their claws. The rest of them gave up and tried to escape but the valley creatures were much faster than they were.

“Ahhh!!”

A shadow had cast the ground as if it was a huge could and soon, there were many creatures rushing into the ground. It wasn’t a normal act of them preying upon those who were weaker than them, they were just tearing them to pieces and when they die, their items would fall into the ground.

“There’s so many.”

The Queen was below the nest when it happened so it crawled out of its nest to safety. Joonghwi got up as well and looked at the disaster with a smile. Shiny objects would fall out of them when they get killed.

“Now we can get some objects to bring back to the army troops...”

“Leader... Please...”

Peji pleaded as he shook in fear inside his camouflage. The feeling they had before of wanting to play with fire had already disappeared. He explained the plan and he mentioned about the mess that would happen with the valley creatures but they didn’t think things would end up like this. Peji was shocked and felt a little disappointed at his platoon leader.

If they were unlucky, then the valley creatures would tear them apart at the moment they see them.

“I know. It’s a lot...”

Joonghwi said as he kept his smile. He didn’t want to risk their lives as well.

Jaehwang was hiding behind a giant boulder while he watched the valley creatures quietly digging through the leaves

-What are you doing?

-It’s intense. I want to try hiding somewhere deeper...

He dug deep through the leaves making a hole big enough to fit him. The sky was filled with valley creatures and Bileons were being torn to shreds one by one. Blood flying all over the place to the point that he could sometimes see a double rainbow coming out.

There were so many valley creatures randomly flying and ripping them apart. Hiding was the wisest thing to do.

-You’re a little mean.

-Yes. I’m sorry... I know.

Jaehwang was completely hidden beneath the leaves. He could see out of them and everything that was going on out there with the help of the spirit.

-Then why did you take the plan this far?... That Joonghwi is not a normal person.

-He’s like a psycho.

Jaehwang didn’t even think about how they would explain this disaster when they went back to Justin point. Joonghwi will have to be the one to explain it because he’s the leader of the platoon and planned the mission. The giant footprint was quite a popular place for hunters. They were many things to catch and the by-product of a valley creature could be traded off for a high price.

But because of Joonghwi’s plan and everything that’s happening, the giant footprint area may never be the same. The monster’s habitat had become safe and the queen’s nest had been decorated. If this isn’t what he really wanted then he shouldn’t carry out this crazy plan.

-Everything’s looking great.

-Yeah.

Things had started to calm down all of the church members in the are had been destroyed but there was a man wearing a black armor that remained.

There were many creatures heading towards him but they couldn’t claw through his armor. The mystery guy then grabbed the creatures that were trying to attack him and broke their wings as well as their neck.

There were monsters piled up like a mountain all around him. The queen then followed with a screech and she also encountered the same problem. When she realized that her claws weren’t working she started to put more into it.

She got through his defence. The other valley creatures were taken down but he was still outnumbered and before they knew it, the man was high up in the sky.

The monsters had let him go and started to fall into the ground.

Kwang!

There was a loud noise along with that impact.

The queen screeched again and the valley creatures repeated the same process.

One time... Two times... Three times... Four times... Five times...

The mystery showed no reaction to any of it. Anyone would have died no matter how tough their armor was and even his armor was reduced in rags after two drops.

The queen dropped the man around the area and her nest was completely destroyed. The queen then flew around to make sure that the mystery man was dead but there was a terrible lapse in her judgment.

Pang...

He flew up into the air holding onto the queen’s foot. He pretended to be dead and waited to get close.

The queen was startled and tried swaying her foot to get him off and the mystery guy screamed and moved to her wing.. The queen was flying all over the place trying to get him off but soon they both fell into the ground.

Pang pang pang!

The mystery man broke the queen’s spine and decapitated her.

The moment they saw that the queen’s head was taken off, all of the valley creatures screamed in terror and started to escape. They had another place to stay but their entire colony collapse now that the queen had died.

-He’s powerful.

-Yeah... He is powerful.

Jaehwang agreed to the spirit. He was really strong. Jaehwang wouldn’t even be able to win in a situation like that. If he used a skill then the armor would have never broken and even if it did then there was no guarantee that the mystery man would have died. He didn’t know how he did it and how he took the pain but he did a great job.

-Well, shall we go out hunting?

Jaehwang wasn’t thinking of giving up. He wasn’t a warrior champion and didn’t do it often, all he did was hunt monsters. Hunters never tried to test their skills to fight against enemies. Hunters just practiced hunting, it was a matter of success and failure and if they failed, then they could then try again. He was digging into a bit of sharp trap.

Swoosh... Swoosh...

Jaehwang made more space in the leaves he was hiding in.

-Hey... can you raise the limit?

-Okay. There will be a terribly bad strong smell of gunpowder.

Teukteuk.. Teukteukteuk...

Jaehwang used an explosive bomb from inside the military bus. Now there were only five of them left. He got a bomb and created a landmine. Aside from the safety of the landmine, Jaehwang had to be careful of using his tiger hunter energy in there.

After traveling through the tunnel, he headed towards the city.

Tuekteuk.. Teuk...

A falling pebble hit into a boulder making a loud noise as it rolled off and scared the mystery man.

Click... Click...

They heard a clicking noise followed by a growling sound from a big wild animal, the mystery man then walked towards it. The boulder stopped rolling and he picked up the pebble in his hand as he turned his head around. He didn’t see anything and the moment he turned himself around, he heard a clicking noise beneath his feet.

Kwang kwang kwang kwang!!!

There was a series of explosions.

The Huntsman, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 74: Meeting A Friend In A Strange Place




Kwang kwang! Kwang kwang kwang!!

Whoosh...

“Huh...”

There was a loud explosion and Jaehwang was thrown back, disabling his tiger hunter ability.

“...”

The plan was not going so well. It was his first time using it and he didn’t expect it to explode that much.

Taktak... Tak...

Jaehwang then stood up and dusted himself off, he started to get tensed up with his current situation.

Click... Click...

There was a sound of sound of something hitting into metal three meters away from the bombed area. He was frightened at the idea of one of them being alive. He then prepared to defend himself in case something was there.

Click...

Most of his armor had been blown off besides the ones covering his right arm and chest. His left arm was burned and the rest of his body was not in a good condition. He tried to walk but he soon lost his strength and fell onto his knees. The thing that surprised Jaehwang was his face.

His helmet had blown off and revealed his young complexion. His hair had been burned off and his face had red burns but it looked familiar.

He got up and he tried to take a better look at his face and he then saw that it was his friend, DongChul.

“DongChul?”

Jaehwang dull expression was brightened.

He didn’t know what to say. He went training to be a Gagseog army trooper but he asked himself why was he with the Bileons. Jaehwang’s mind turned blank.

“.....”

Dong Chul then turned around and faced him, their eyes had met and there, he realized his mistake.

Dong Chul suddenly ran towards him at full speed to attack. Jaehwang was surprised so he stepped back and ran but Dong Chul caught up to him.

Kya!

He tried to punch him with all his strength but Jaehwang quickly dodged it. It was almost like a clever surprise attack but it was also too predictable that one might call it stupid. His attacks were just fine even though both of her arms were dislocated, it felt like he’s fighting a fifth tier monster.

-Get away from him you idiot!

-I know!

Jaehwang replied to the spirit as he tried to get away with Dong Chul right behind him. All of his armor had fallen off so he was able to run much faster than before. He looked back and got even more anxious as seeing it as his tail.

Jaehwang had never run so fast before. He thought of hiding and using his tiger hunter skill but the time for that was already up.

Kwang kwang kwang!

DongChul then tried to punch him again and Jaehwang ducked his head to avoid it. He then got an arrow and stabbed the tip of it into DongChul’s forearm.

He buried it deep into his skin as he aimed at where his joint was supposed to be. Dong Chul looked as if he didn’t feel it at all and reached out his hand to try and grab Jaehwang’s throat.

“His skin isn’t cast iron. Well then, next!”

Jaehwang dodged his hand and gave him an uppercut. He thought that using attacks that violently shook the brain was a way to make someone instantly lose consciousness.

Kya!

DongChul then tried to elbow Jaehwang’s head in response to his attack. He dodged it again but then DongChol quickly healed himself from his previous attacks.

“His recovery skills are amazing.”

He understood all of Jaehwang’s attacks. Jaehwang was hit by the attack. Until then he didn’t have a hard time getting affected by those kinds of blows.

Jaehwang then tried to escape by running up the nearby tree. DongChul then followed him and punched everything as they went up.

Woosh...

Jaehwang then flew to a different tree without looking back.

-Is that your old friend?

-Yeah.

-He wasn’t always like this, was he?

-No, something’s wrong.

He was a Gagseog, he was attacked dozens of times but he didn’t die and seemed completely fine. He could even heal himself. His skin was burned and stabbed but he healed everything.

He seemed indestructible but Jaehwang knew his weak spot.

He could escape to safety as he was healing himself but every time he healed himself his body’s volume would get smaller. It must take a lot of energy and there was still that arrow that was stabbed into him.

-What’s going happening?

-I found his weakness.

He escaped up into the tree and prepared his Teleboard arrow.

“The exploding arrow!”

Pang!

He had two arrows to choose from but he just launched one after another.

Kwang kwang!

A large explosion knocked Dong Chul back at the nearby giant tree.

It looked like it did a lot of damage but he still had a lot of strength left. He made a loud screeching noise as he hit into the tree. Jaehwang was anxious so he launched another one. He didn’t want to do it but he had no other choice.

“Moving strong arrow!”

“Exploding strong arrow!”

“Moving strong arrow!”

“Moving exploding arrow!”

“Exploding strong arrow!”

Kwang kwang kwang! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang kwang!

He continuously launched arrows at DongChul. The first arrow flew right off of him but one by one, the attacks started to affect him more and more. He kept going until he was drained from his energy.

He launched another Teleboard arrow with his bleeding fingers. His blood was all over his bowstring and if he didn’t use his healing skill, it would get only worse.

“Now stop.”

His chest that was covered in armor was now riddled with injuries due to the arrows that Jaehwang gave him. DongChul was screeching in pain even though he tried his best to go easy on him. He was supposed to aim for his head but he didn’t want to kill him.

He was still conscious but he couldn’t stand. He could use his healing skill but he was completely out of energy.

Jaehwang wanted to spare him but he would just continue to try and kill him. So he raised his bow once more and set his head in his sights. He couldn’t pull back the string no matter how hard he tried, he was his only friend.

The spirit then spoke to him.

-Maybe there’s a connection to find with you and your friend’s energy.

-Huh?

Jaehwang responded with a confused tone as he lowered his bow.

-What do you mean?

-Your friend’s strength started to fall but now it’s become quite strong. It’s just a guess but isn’t your friend an expert at control...

-I don’t know.

A red light then started to come out of DongChul. The light went up to the sky and then landed in the stacked corpse of the dead Bileons.

-That looks like something he’s controlling.

-I see.

Jaehwang looked over and saw what was going on. There were no skills left that DongChul could use but he Jaehwang just used all of his strength to overpower him. Jaehwang then got a Teleboard arrow and pulled the string.

“Moving arrow-....”

He prepared the best attack that he could do.

“Exploding-...”

Whiii... Swooshh... Swoosh...

The wind then gathered at the center of his arrow.

“Strong arrow!”

Jiijijig!!

A stream of white light covered the arrow from the tip and made it vibrate. He gathered all of the energy that he could dish out and forced it inside.

“Die.”

He then released it.

Pukang!!

The arrow had left a giant sonic boom that sent him flying backward. He avoided the impact as much as he can and when he got up, he looked at the Teleoard arrow in the air.

Pang!!

The pile of Bileon corpses exploded and two of them came running out.

“Pastor! Look out!”

It was hard for the pastor to follow along and he yelled as he saw the fast arrow. With his skills and experience, there was a half-and-half probability that he could have blocked off the attack.

But it was an attack from a level six hunter. He could take blows from other classes of hunters but taking a shot from a level five or six was a different story.

He took out a cross shaped sword and used his strongest skill. He gathered all the energy in his body and was able to block off the attack with a lethal technique. The arrow and his attack came in contact with each other and the arrow went flying in the opposite direction.

“Phew...”

He used all of his strength to block it off and instead of blocking it off completely, it flew off to someone else.

“Pastor...Look out...”

Pang!

The arrow’s explosion was louder than his voice. He believed in his faithful servant and didn’t look back and just ran. The back of the pastor’s head was hit. However, if his faithful servant didn’t warn him then he would have died. The Pastor had the strength of a fifth tier monster and he had a human life-saving skill to save one or two people... But he then lost consciousness as something that looked like a piece of scrap garbage came flying into him.

His faithful servant then looked and got angry seeing that what hit him was an arrow. He then started to quickly run towards the pastor. He then saw something small and shiny where the pastor was laying and went to pick it up.

-Aren’t you going to escape...

Jaehwang looked around in anger. It wasn’t what he expected. He didn’t know that he had been drawing some energy from two other people that managed to hide themselves. He managed to pick off one but the other one was capable enough to escape.

-Huh... My head hurts.

Jaehwang then said with a hollow smile.

Meeting A Friend In A Strange Place, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 75: Meeting A Friend In A Strange Place 2




“Whew...”

He was exhausted. The impact of the situation on the church was huge. His troops were all completely gone because of one person. Joonghwi was the one who provoked the queen but now it wasn’t just him who caused everything.

“Him... he’s the enemy...”

He was buried in sadness. He rushed his steps and followed the level six hunter who were submerged in his own madness as he took the pastor by his limbs and carried him along.

“This is too much...”

He was exhausted but his energy soon came back thereafter. He stopped walking. He actually wasn’t just trying to just avoid that level six hunter. He was now appearing and disappearing like a third tier wild swam pig. He wasn’t scared of a an attack from a third tier monster but a wild swamp pig proved to be quite dangerous. Even those who hunt wild pigs at the swamp with experience has to escape immediately after making a wrong move.

Luckily, there was an easy way to get away from them without leaving any tracks behind.

“Now’s a little...”

Swoosh... Pong...

He rinsed his mouth when he took a drink from his water bottle, a strange sound then buzzed in his ear.

“Huh? What’s that?...”

He was frightened. He placed his hands on his head and felt something sharp cutting his forehead. There was something there but he didn’t know what it was. He then looked at it just to see a wild swamp pig.

“The hunt is over.”

There was an arrow in his head and it made them collapse into the ground.

“Hmm... They should be careful. Maybe if they tried to escape then they could have gotten away...”

The spirit as she looked down at the dead animal. They had made three mistakes. The first one was that they moved around in circles, the ghost was watching and observing their surroundings the whole time. The only problem was that Jaehwang couldn’t attack with his energy just yet. The second one was that they decided to just stop in their place.

Jaehwang’s arrows could fly far but if they tried to run away in the first place, they would have a decent chance at surviving. His control at the moment was a little off so it would be hard for him to aim at moving targets. But the animals just stood in their places and in that moment, they won’t know it until they die.

And the third reason was that they didn’t know Jaehwang’s persistence. Jaehwang had a hunting sense and was quite obsessed with nature. He had used it one time until the hunt is over and he would keep chasing his prey until he was satisfied. Even in his time in the Alousu, he would use his senses even though it was dangerous to make sure that he would be able to relax and sleep as soon as he’s finished.

-It came fast.

-Yeah

Jaehwang answered to the spirit as both of them watched the animal die. He needed the spirit’s powerful energy especially in that moment. He was using up too much energy at a time by shooting long distance shots. The spirit suddenly flew up into the air and landed close to the animal. She then saw something shiny and tilted her head before she walked up to it.

It was a silver tiara that had a small diamond in the middle but there was some strange energy coming out of it. The spirit looked at the tiara’s energy for a moment and then smiled.

“It’s so pretty.”

The spirit and after a little while longer, she picked it up and flew into the air.

-What is that?

Jaehwang asked since he could also see it because their shared sight..

-I can feel great energy from it... Maybe it will make me stronger faster.

“Brrr... Isn’t it really cold here?”

SeonGyeon said with a frightened face.

“Whew...”

MinGyeon who seemed calm got her panic disorder back as she shivered in fear. There were torn pieces of flesh all over the place. There were dead bodies everywhere and there would be blood everytime they take a step.

“Keep it down.”

Joonghwi whispered as he took the lead. Everyone then followed his command.

“I would usually think it wasn’t those guys but...”

Joonghwi got a thought stuck in his head. There were dead bodies everywhere and after all that he experienced, he was able to judge the situation.

“They were stuck to the tree and then destroyed by the valley creatures.”

Joonghwi complained and everyone still remained silent. If they were already stuck to the tree before than that means someone was there before them..

“How many had died?”

Joonghwi who took charge of this mission liked everyone to keep quiet to ensure their success but he thought that they all screamed because of Jaehwang. There wasn’t supposed to be any chaos at that time, he was supposed to be just hunting. That was a cruel. He was clearing those who were responsible for the first killings but he wasn’t supposed to do anything else after that.

“Is he a psychopath?”

If he did kill them and remained perfectly sane, then that would be a problem. He asked himself if he would think of him as an enemy if they had ran into him, they had good luck as only two of them had died so far.

He knew that if Jaehwang treated the Bileons as if they were an animals to hunt, then he would have established an entire wipeout.

“Everyone, pack your equipment. If we’re not lucky then this terrible sight could stay on our record for ever.”

Joonghwi said and everyone started to look very anxious. Everyone already knew that Jaehwang’s skills were not normal, he was way ahead. The sight they were seeing right before their eyes was a great example of that. He could shoot up to four kilometers with one sack of arrows. You would have to run away as soon as possible to escape him. They were more scared of fighting with someone like that than fighting with the Church’s Bileons.

Joonghwi was still clueless about what was going on there. He thought of Jaehwang’s descent and remembered something about ‘Carrying out a divine punishment’ when he became a Gagseog. Jaehwang’s passion was originally disgraced and his senses were possibly paralyzed. He asked what could it mean.

He was heartless.

“There.”

Joonghwi sensed Jaehwang and saw him sitting behind the giant tree. Joonghwi then walked up to Jaehwang and saw someone sitting next to him. He asked himself who it was. He had a big frame and were very tall. There was a injury in the his chest but he wasn’t dead.

“HyeJin?”

Joonghwi called HyeJin before he went closer to him.

“Yes?”

“Who is that?...”

“Huh?”

HyeJin then looked at Jaehwang’s direction to see what he was talking about. One of HyeJin’s skills was distinguishing an enemy. Joonghwi thought that maybe Jaehwang was keeping him hostage.

“He’s fine.”

“Good...”

Everyone was tensed up but they were finally able to let out a sigh of relief. Joonghwi walked to them first. Jaehwang then turned his head to see Joonghwi.

“Oh...”

Jaehwang seemed to notice what Joonghwi was there for so he shook his head. At first it was just a slight nod but then it became more assuring.

‘Darn it...’

Joonghwi seemed to be surprised by Jaehwang’s response before he took a look at his feet. It was the worst thing that he could have never imagined. He had now started a slaughter. He could have had a panic attack and although they were still lucky, time was running out.

“Step back everyone...”

Joonghwi shouted and Jaehwang then put his hand on his shoulder.

“Leader..”

“No!”

Joonghwi then realized that so he blamed himself for the big mistake that he had done. He was prepared. He then moved his hand off his shoulder but before Joonghwi could do or say anything else, Jaehwang spoke.

“It was because of your nice skill.”

“Huh”

He said and Joonghwi looked slightly confused.

“What are you talking about?”

“Your skill. You call it the imperturbable mind... You blocked the impact of it, right?”

“Uhh...”

Joonghwi’s legs then started to feel a little weak. He knew about it. It was a special ranked skill.

Joonghwi then became relaxed after he saw HyeJing letting him know that it was complete thorough hand signals.

Jaehwang saw it so he put up a bitter smile. This kind of situation was already expected. The spirit warned him about as well so they would be in big trouble if they lied. He then explained how the skill worked.

Jaehwang could possibly revise it with the help of the spirit.

“Well... I’m tired. Let’s all take a rest. And, who is this?”

Joonghwi said while tapping Dongchul’s feet. Jaehwang then smiled and replied.

“He’s my friend. I haven’t seen him in a long time.

The incident of what happened to the church had caused a huge sensation on the outside world.

The Samjeon nation was just like a puppet state with the number of Bileons causing terror to those around them. They had political influences and conspired laws that were made to cover compelling their compelling incidents.

With that, the conspired political circles of Korea tried to intentionally raise the incident so the 8th platoon could be claimed as they could try to heroize them.

Luckily, the platoon were affiliated to the U.S. Forces in Justin point and in America, they announced all of their wrong information to take care of their safety and human rights. The management associated with the Korean side ignored them.

So the platoon tried to use everything and the politicians as well as the media went to the location to get a better look at the incident.

A man and a lady were sitting in a secret room in a coffee shop in Seoul.

There was a guy with short hair who looked to be in his early 30s. He looked young but he had a anxious expression on his face and there was a lady sitting on the opposite side of him who looked like a career woman on her 40’s who wore some heavy makeup.

The lady began to speak first.

“Mr. Kim SuHwi, we appreciate your decision.”

The guy’s face then seemed to light up. He started to look a little nervous seeing the lady’s quite unsatisfied look on her face.

“Shall I first show you the report?”

“Uhh... I’m a soldier so I should be very thorough.”

She laughed before she took a silver colored plastic card out of her pocket and placed it in the center of the table.

“Journalist Park Ahlam...”

It was a small deal but it would surely be recognized in the media’s women’s community.

He took the card and checked the information at and the back of it. He then breathed out and handed it back to the lady.

“It’s a deal.”

“Thank you. Well, shall we begin the interview? And just so you know, everything i will tell you today will be about society’s health and fitness...”

“Is that all?”

“Huh?”

“You were going to bring me here without knowing what you wanted to say?”

The guy said gritting his teeth. He actually never met a journalist before so he thought that it was a waste of time. That was because he was an intelligent officer in Justin point and meeting a journalist like this meant that he would not be able to wear any uniform.

But he couldn’t come out today. About two months ago at a nightclub he was having a great time and the next day a lady accused him of assault that ruined his life.

Luckily the women’s accusation was dropped and she just demanded $100,000 dollars so he decided to just bite the bullet and pay her the money. But just yesterday, the journalist mentioned that incident and requested to meet him. He wondered if she could threaten him if they didn’t meet.

“So, why did you shamelessly commit that crime?”

Her eyes were the shape of a crescent moon and he eyebrows were furrowed.

“Listen here! Do you even know for sure if it was me who committed that crime while being drunk?! I woke up the next morning and... Ugh... Do you want to know how I found out about it all?”

The man asked her. He clearly gave her the money and kept quiet about the situation even though he wasn’t sure if he’s even guilty. He asked himself why did that journalist want to know about that incident?

Meeting A Friend In A Strange Place 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 76: A Bad Idea




“Yes. I know about it too. And as you know, another journalist has the responsibility to get the information out to the public.”

He made a fist and closed his eyes. He felt overwhelmed now that the situation was unfair to him. He was sorry and his mind was filled with regrets.

He saw the lady in the night club wearing their revealing uniforms and he couldn’t control himself. He knew that he was the only one to blame and it was all his fault. He made a terrible mistake and it ruined his life. He had already paid a large fine but he was still ashamed.

“I promise that nothing like this will ever happen again.”

“Good. Anyway, what we talked about today will be kept between you and I. but first, you have some information to give to me, right?”

She then held out her hand.

He took a look at it and shook his head.

“Are you stupid? There’s no way I can make a copy of Justin point’s data. That’s impossible!”

She looked a little angry but she then let out a professional smile before she took out her phone.

“Well, I didn’t think that there was no way I could hear it in person.”

He signed and talked with a slow nervous tone.

“Right. I know what the 8th platoon was doing and I thought that it should be completely blocked.”

He stopped talking to hear her answer. He was sure of it. The information of the 8th platoon should have been greatly censored. The hunters were their secret special troops. They were under top security but they didn’t know if they were any other hunters like them.

Even if it didn’t work out then, he still couldn’t share anything about their mission.

The main reason was that because their circumstances were especially unprofitable. If she were to spread that information then the terror of the heroes who blocked off the Bileons would be revealed.

They would get discharged from that army if that happened. The Bileons would receive empathy and money while the hunters would be charged with murder. He shut his eyes closed as he thought of that. The military and the police’s’ power was also something to worry about and if their branch were to be broadcasted on TV, then he wouldn’t be able to protect them.

“The leader of the 8 member platoon is...”

“... Well, there’s one thing that worries me the most. The valley creature queen was disturbed and over 300 Bileons had died.”

“Yes.”

“Were there any survivors? Was the platoon members responsible for the problem?”

“I don’t know much about the valley creatures. But, I do know that they are 4200 of them. It looks like they attack in flocks together. We didn’t even have to clean up their corpse. The platoon leader, Joonghwi, made a bold decision.”

He took a sip of his americano latte and then continued to speak.

“Although the giant footprint hunting grounds had completely collapsed, the terror of the leading members of the government on the American side were greatly blocked. As you know, America almost had a seizure after they heard about that outcome. The Americans didn’t start the problem but the leading leaders of the government on the Korean side couldn’t even do anything about it. They could be an operating force that had as much power and authority as the American side.”

“I see.”

The lady said with a relieved expression. She got the information that she needed.

Korea would know now about the terror of the Bileons but she thinks that her chief editor would have a difficult time with this.

“But if you have all of this information, what’s going to happen to them?”

He asked. There was one exclusive report journalist but they usually created problems. Right now they could threaten them. But they weren’t the only problem. Even their families could get killed.

“Got it? However, that’s not only a weak point there is. When I give you this article then can’t they become heroes to the people? The Bileons were running wild but they had been protection Korea in their own way. It’s hard to clarify but between them and the Gagseogs, they were a close second in helping the country. Anyways, I’m not sure if I should thank you for the information. Haha...”

‘Idiot...’

He whispered in his head as he felt nauseated. He didn’t know if he was having sociopathic tendencies or was he just thinking about it too much with all that anger. He asked himself how could she say that instead of thanking him.

The SamJeon Church was a puppet state in a minor way and they communicated with the natives too and got information from them.

Their relationship between the natives wasn’t so great or so bad. They kept an eye on the information board but the religion was originally like a poison. When it started to get irritating, it would somehow become even more addicting. There was more he wanted to talk to her about and there was something that he wanted to know.

“Well, I should get going now. I hope we don’t have to meet up about something like this anymore.”

He ended the recording app on his phone and looked as if there was something he wanted to know. The lady shook her head as if she already knew. She wondered if she would get another threat or be killed.

“Thank you for your precious time.”

They then shook hands and said goodbye to each to end their meeting in like the professionals that they are. Now he could finally relax. They left the secret room and then they realized that the cafe was very quiet.

There wasn’t one person in the cafe. But even though there weren’t any customers there still had to be a waiter and barista there but the room was completely empty. He rushed towards the door but then, he heard a familiar voice.

“Where are you going?”

“Huh?...”

He heard the voice and turned around to see who it was.

“B...boss...”

“Hm... so you decided to take some time off to go on a date with some girl?”

“Uh.. well.. That...”

He couldn’t speak and he didn’t know what to say. He wished it was just a dream but everything that was happening at that moment was indeed a reality. It was the team leader of Justin point’s team one of the informations.

“What was going on here? Wasn’t this a useless rebellious action? If you knew me...”

“Yes, I understand, sir.”

He immediately gave up the rebellious act after that. The person in front of him then smiled. His boss had the type of smile that could turn a perfectly sane person into a psychopath. He was like an ordinary person but he had an unusual mind and he knew lots of information in Justin point.

“Stop! Don’t let go of this! This is clearly an assault! Ugh! Save that person!”

He went into the secret room and there was a woman being dragged with both of her hands tied behind her back. He untied both of her hands and then walked out. The guys that stood there had their faces blue in fear. It was pale before but that it had turned blue once the boss’ eyes passed through.

He knew everything about that secret group and now as he was walking out, he saw that the guys were wearing modernized hanbok costumes that he knew didn’t belong to them.

Or maybe... it was just a quick idea for a cover-up that they thought of.

“Uhh....”

His knees went weak and he sat down on his chair. He thought about not getting involved and not going through with it but it was too late and they had already gone too far. They couldn’t be caught going against the law.

“Let go! I said let go! Do you know who I am? When my boss hears about this you all will never be safe. Do you hear me?! Please! Where’s a phone! Let me call someone!”

The lady yelled over and over to the guy looked at her with a pitiful expression. They had no idea about all the hardships a journalist had to go through but a situation like this wasn’t anything uncommon. They did wonder about her plan in this current situation.

“I’m curious to who this boss of yours is.”

Then another woman suddenly appeared out of nowhere. She was wearing a hanbok just like the guys and her face was blank. She was beautiful. The guys who had the lady tied up then looked at the her and shook their heads.

She softly approached her and gently stroked her chin with her finger.

“How important is her boss?”

“W...Who is she?”

She then looked strange and not so sane. It felt as if things were going to get dangerous. Her eyes had an intense glare.

They were worried about their positions if they got in trouble for this.

Things got a little better with the presidential election but the group’s leader was the same person for dozens of years even though the president never ruled the hunter system. They didn’t know how the 8th platoon got compiled together but even that lady and the others knew that it was a strange thing.

“You! What are you doing!? You idiot! I can’t stand this!”

She then looked to a guy on the floor who appeared to be laughing.

“Shut up.”

The women in the hanbok said with a calm tone. One of the guys suddenly grabbed her head and bashed her onto the table.

Pang! Pang! Pang! Pang!

“Hey... stop that...”

Blood came out of her nose and covered the rest of her face. She had fainted so they tied her hands up again and sent a hand gesture signal to the other men.

“Take her away.”

The thieves walked out of the cafe, their boss then looked to the remaining people and whispered,

“Jerks... don’t speak to me about any of this...”

“S..Sorry, boss...”

He cried at his boss in fear. He didn’t know anything, he just watched them cry.

He then let the other of his henchmen leave the cafe as he stayed to have a talk with her. The boss then took a deep breath and exhaled. They were at their worst block. He had a negotiation and came to a decision to recruit him and he guaranteed to only give him the best. She then turned and said,

“Thanks for the great management! And, I’m sorry.”

He bent over her but the lady in front of him didn’t flinch at all, she leered at him instead. He didn’t reply but he couldn’t have been standing any closer... One minute... Five... and soon an hour passed by. The lady didn’t say anything and sweat soon started to form on the guy’s head.

“Maybe...”

She finally started to speak.

“He was protecting his grandchild...”

“And from then on, you were jealous of her.”

“...Remember that.”

He never heard her say anything like that. Although what she was said sounded nonsense to him at first but he then thought that maybe she had a point.

“I hope nothing like this will happen again.”

“It won’t!”

“Don’t tell anyone what I said, got it?”

“Yes!”

A Bad Idea, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 77: A Bad Idea 2




The Justin point basement was fully equipped with everything that the hunters would need for work. There was a small city within the base and there a were places that spans from little markets to a club, they also had a great exercise center. It was filled with a few places where the hunters could go to relieve stress.

There was always the smell of meat coming from the market and if one were to be a skilled and a wealthy hunter, he/she could get equipped with all the luxurious items that he/she wanted.

The things in there were very expensive, it wasn’t supposed to be like that but the stores eventually followed that trend.

There was also a coffee shop that sells expensive desserts inside the shopping district. That’s where Jaehwang and a beautiful woman went.

“Try something, the food here is great,” she said.

“Sure, I’ll try a little then...” Jaehwang replied.

He bought a new black hoodie to cover his face and he didn’t even take it off

“I was just wandering around these past days and I found this place. It’s the best. Everything here is so delicious.”

She continued to talk but Jaehwang didn’t reply much in return. He didn’t talk that much and everyone in the cafe kept their eyes on their table just to see her beautiful complexion. Despite that, none of them dared to approach her.

Some might ask if he was nervous but no, he had no problem sitting with her in the cafe since they had to hangout for work every single day.

But even so, Jaehwang knew that he won’t be approaching her anyway if they didn’t have to work together.

She didn’t always get so much attention. She learned how to speak English and made connections with dentists and nurses to improve her teeth before she got her surgery for a sharper nose.

He wondered if the tiara that the spirit got belonged to hers and if she was responsible for the energy because of it. There was a chance that people can’t approach her because of it but even so, she was a girl who had an overflowing dignity.

Their food was then brought to their table...

Jaehwang looked at the desserts that filled their table with a breath of relief.

“So, How long does something like that last?” Jaehwang asked with a smile.

“Huh? Wouldn’t things be hard without much energy? Why do you ask? Are you uncomfortable?” She replied with a curious tone.

“Yes. Extremely.” He then responded with a straight voice.

His neck and mouth could be seen as he lifted the hood to drink a glass of water. Wearing it was tiring him out but he didn’t care. His grandfather, GwanJae, suggested that he should were those to avoid some tiresome confrontations.

“Did you think about doing it in the future?” Jaehwang asked her once again.

“Should I show off a lot? I mean, It’s pretty obvious that there’s no way I could have enough energy for that.” She replied.

He made a mistake. She looked strong but she was only as strong as a fourth tier monster. If he knew about the severe side effects of that item then he would have never approved of her using it. Jaehwang looked at her with loathsome eyes before he turned his attention to the tiara on top of her red hair.

Blood Mary’s Tiara- Special Artifact

Inheritor: Jeon Jaehwang

Material: Platinum, Diamond

Rule

Purify

It was one of the last artifacts that belonged in the United Kingdom. The tiara draws lots of attention to itself and it had an overflowing power to boot. It looked like a hairpin and it could change its form. If the other hunters knew that then they would surely be after it.

Its domination skill was restricted. It was a skill that could take over someone. He asked himself in his head that maybe DongChul was controlled by something like that.

The tiara’s name was ‘Bloody Mary’ and it was very famous and an item like it was used often. The spirit payed attention to its special power and identified that its second skill was purification.

It didn’t seem like anything special but, it was a really great option to have. If the person using the skill had some spare energy in them then it would accumulate the purest energy there is.

The tiara was said to accumulate energy and make it pure.

It was a little more stronger than usual if those energy had piled up. The value for the tiara was priceless, but the special skill was very useful to the spirit in terms of her kit.

She had been helping Jaehwang for a while now. She had always needed some spare energy to provide her help and even after three years, her job was still not done.

Someone would have to have more strength than the average person to build up and store pure energies because if one were to become impatient and absorb everything in one go, things could go bad and he/she could get corrupted.

Many mystical creatures roamed the earth before the dimension collision but now, they could now only be found in a few distant areas.

The pure energy was a new thing for her. She needed that tiara thinking that maybe she could even help Jaehwang more with it. She was his companion and his helper.

The only problem was that she got a taste of her own greed. She started to see some of its side effects after she tried to absorb it.

The tiara’s and her energy got mixed together due to their differences and it began to eat her inside out. Everything inside of her got purified and that’s when she realized that she had to do it all over again after a week. She just realized how to maintain that magic without making herself disappear.

They didn’t limit themselves and even if there was, Jaehwang would step up and warn both of them. She knew that a skill could grow and would be ready with just one action. I wasn’t anything like his arrows but every equipment that Jaehwang had ever used was limitless in one way or another.

They were possible to maintain but they can’t be refunded. So because of that, Jaehwang had been using his ‘Joonghwi card’ these days.

‘Everything seems more calm than usual today.’ He thought to himself.

Jaehwang knew of the spirit’s appetite and he gave up on trying to control it. Giving up was much more relaxing. He thought that maybe if they had their credit for taking care of the Bileons, they should be swimming with their reward money as of now. He felt that they should be given at least some trophies.

‘We’re pretty spotless.’ He whispered in his head.

They defeated the Bileons without any support. The creatures of the valley had consisted hundreds of third tier monsters but they got out of there alive. Jaehwang asked himself if there could be something that Joonghwi didn’t mention to him. The other platoon members looked like they had packed millions and that’s the same for him as well.

“That must have been what happened to DongChul.” The spirit said as she ate her dessert which made him wonder what happened to his friend.

The platoon explained everything to them about Dongchul before their supporters came. He tried to hide on their bus but everyone knew that they couldn’t take him with them forever.

Jaehwang couldn’t help but request an SOS call. His grandfather, GwanJae, answered the call and said that he would help him. Jaehwang’s he got his answer when he took the phone and within a quarter of a day, he sent them off to GwanJae right away.

But of course that wasn’t anything free of charge.

He helped him look after Dongchul, he healed him and basically helped him with everything so Jaehwang promised pay back GwanJae’s favor later. Jaehwang actually didn’t want to get GwanJae’s help and he tried not to but he was left with no choice. Even though him and GwanJae had a good relationship, GwanJae was still a harsh cold-blooded ruler.

The hunter was controlled by someone dozens of years ago. That person wasn’t the type of guy who just laughed, stroked his beard and shook his head when he heard Jaehwang ask for a favor. GwanJae had a clear plan for him.

He was scared thinking that maybe he didn’t have the skills for it. He was his grandson but he still considered him as their family’s savior. Both of them had maintained a steady distance between their relationship even though it seems impossible under their circumstance.

“Everything will be okay. One hundred animals are growing inside of that old hole but I’m sure that they could be sincere once they get to know you.” The spirit then reassured him.

“That’s a scary thought. He’s someone who believes that what I’m doing is right... Does it seem that I can make him proud? This may sound a little funny but, I’m someone who can never be trusted.” Jaehwang replied.

“Even I can’t trust you?” The spirit gave him a soft smile and Jaehwang just laughed back as he shook his head.

“Of course, you can trust me.” He knew that the spirit could trust him. He knew that if he were to take a darker path, she would still come with him.

“Great.” The spirit tilted her head and gave him a bright smile. It felt like everything around him had been enlightened with her angelic face. She was so beautiful that it made Jaehwang’s heart pound even though she could get cranky when she had to help him with something. She could still be an idiot sometimes.

“Don’t you dare add any restrictions...” Jaehwang watched her keep her smile along with her aura that belonged to a queen. The tiara that she wore just made everything better.

“And you?” The spirit then replied.

“Aren’t I in love?” He said as someone pretty as the spirit walked in. On the other hand, the spirit didn’t turn her head as if she knew that she’s coming. She always knew that he was feeling and even if they tried to hide it, their relationship was impossible to hide. She would occasionally look at him and say ‘wow, how is the tent so big today’ as a joke whenever they would wake up in the morning.

“I...” Jaehwang was about to speak but he paused after he sensed that someone was moving towards them.

“Hello?” A lady walked up to the table where Jaehwang and the spirit was. She looked at Jaehwang and slightly raised her hand. It was an old time friend of his, she was wearing a long waistcoat over her battle suit top and black skinny jeans that showed off her slim legs. She also had a long black hair that reached down to her waist. She greeted him but he just looked at her and tilted his head.

“Uh. Hi.” Jaehwang then replied. It was Sooji, his ex-girlfriend.

“Strange. I didn’t think you ever came to places like this...” Sooji raised one of her eyebrows and smiled.

“What do you mean?...” Jaehwang shrugged. He wouldn’t have come here if the spirit didn’t beg him to. It wasn’t a place he would normally go and he was already bored of being there. He would rather spend his time training.

“And who is this...?” Sooji asked as she glanced at the spirit. Jaehwang hesitated for a bit as he didn’t know how to introduce her but the spirit had disappeared before she even could see her.

“My soul’s companion”

She then just looked over him without a word. All of the other guys that were glancing at her and seemed breathless as she walked away.

“Your soul’s... companion?” She asked. She then looked in his eyes and both of them remained silent.

“So, you’re saying this is... Your soul’s companion...” Her voice sounded a bit confused.

“Uh... Sooji?” Jaehwang said as he stared at her. His gaze felt like an electric shock but she couldn’t just look away. It was extremely addicting but in the end, she felt uncomfortable. He had never looked at others in that way before.

“We’re in the middle of a conversation right now so maybe we can talk next time we meet?”

“Oh... sure. Sorry... for interrupting...” Sooji gave her a quick reply before she went out of the cafe. It got complicated. She didn’t intend to meet him like that. She went to the cafe to buy a drink but there were a ton of guys waiting to hit on her. She then noticed Jaehwang taking off his hood and that’s when she decided to walk over their table.

Her mind had turned blank and by the time she came back to her senses, she was already at their table. Jaehwang’s smile then disappeared due to an awkward situation that appeared in an instant but it soon came back. Nothing else could ever make him smile as much as he did when they were together but now, she felt like there was a different reason behind it.

There was actually a lot she wanted to say to him.

It was as if she traveled back in time. He still had a gaze that shined as bright as a gem. It was what she recognized about him and she was surprised and happy to see that he had recovered from that accident and became a hunter.

She asked herself if it was destiny or just a mere coincidence.

Four years ago Jaehwang would always go on summer and winter vacations to train in the countryside. But in the meantime, a lot of things were happening in Sooji’s life. She became a hunter and a war broke out. Her skills were soon recognized by top clans and they started to contact her. So many of them sent amazing gifts to her and that inspired her parents to start a sports gear company.

A Bad Idea 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 78: Her Story




Her Story

It was her parents who helped her find her place at the top of all clans in Korea. The DaeHyeon clan. They fought against others for the title of the strongest and the one who took control of its parent company was her parents. It was hard for her to reject their demands.

Her recruitment into the clan caused a lot of confusion because her parents helped her get accepted.

The problem was that to get into the clan, she had to stop attending school. That was when Sooji disobeyed her parents for the first time ever since she was born. Her life at school with Jaehwang was more important to her.

Tragedy then struck both of them. They returned to Seoul while Jaehwang and his parents got into a car accident. All of them were shocked when they heard that the guy she loved the most got hurt and was comatosed.

She tried to rush to his side when she heard the news but her parents had stopped her and they pressured her to make a choice. Her life was starting to be bright and great again but then things had started to change. If she chose Jaehwang, her parents would could off all their contacts and disown her.

It was a hard decision to make, she took on the clan training and did his best to forget about him. It worked onto some degree. She would have a sense of accomplishment everytime her skills had grown and that gave her the strength to erase Jaehwang from her mind. And the leader of the clan, SongJae, helped her the most.

He was the DaeHyeon clan’s first son and he was the youngest in the group. Even though he wasn’t so strong as a hunter but he was expected to be a level five hunter. He was handsome, he wasn’t as famous as one would thought but he was popular among them. He became interested in her and she became interested in him. That’s the time when she forgot about Jaehwang completely.

She soon got engaged to SongJae but then she found out a terrible truth.. All of that was just the DaeHyeon group’s and her parents’ evil scheme. The DaeHyeon group planned it since the beginning because she had a Debauzer descent. They knew that she was one of them so they realized that it would be a great opportunity for her to marry someone of her own kind. The chances of their child being born was high.

They wanted a direct line of Debauzers, they wanted to get their hands on a pure blooded child to keep their long project alive. Her parents said that to her with, they didn’t intend to keep it as a secret.

However, she had regained her hopes in her heart once she found out that Jaehwang was a Debauzer a few days ago. The Daehyeon group was very greedy but her parents were much more than that.

She could give him a chance now that she knew that they shared the same descent. She thought that maybe if they knew that he was a Deauzer then they would reconsider as well. The Daehyeon group had lots of money but they had to keep it that way.

They knew that those with blood related to Debauzers were very strong and of course, two were much more stronger than one.

Her parents promised that she could meet him in the past but they had never fulfilled that promise up to this day.

‘I’m going crazy.’

She already had a woman with him. Her love could no longer be accepted if he already have someone that she loved but with one look, she knew that she was not what she originally thought she was. She was beautiful and she had an overflowing energy compared to a level five hunter.

She soon noticed that her strength was just around level four and she had just been over-absorbing energy dangerously. That energy could burst out of her, something bad could happen but it looked like she didn’t know that herself.

Jaehwang still also felt the same way but he didn’t want to shamelessly show his interest like an idiot.

It was because he lost his entire family, he struggled desperately in the hospital and he wanted to give up on himself. He couldn’t say anything to her and just let her walk away.

He was lost. He didn’t want to have someone just to lose them once again. He couldn’t understand what that feeling was.

However, she didn’t notice it. After she left Jaehwang and school, her parents and the Daehyeon group wanted to know what happened to him. His parents and everyone he loved had disappeared and no one was there for him. Jaehwang then decided not to trust anyone and no one also tried to trust him either.

“Thank you. Let me process your bill.” The lady at the counter said as Jaehwang handed her Joonghwi’s check card. The employee then tilted her head and asked him a question.

“You’re not going to pay for that too?” She followed.

He looked back and saw the spirit holding a big tray of dessert.

“That will be $130 dollars.”

Their prices there were ridiculously high. The spirit walked up to him and handed him a plastic bag full of their leftovers. Jaehwang squinted his eyes and she responded by putting on her cute face before she said,

“I want to pack this too...”

“Sigh...” The spirit already packed her snacks and there was nothing he could do. He just decided to allow and pay for it all. The employee then saw his card and her face suddenly turned red like a carrot. Even she was charmed by spirits cuteness before they walked out of they cafe.

Jaehwang didn’t look so satisfied but the spirit that followed him showed as bright smile. She had a slim, tall and a healthy body. Her beautiful face would always draw attention wherever they go.

Everyone’s eyes continued to follow them as they got onto an elevator.

They returned to Jaehwang’s room and the spirit jumped into his bed and placed her feet on his desk as soon as he opened the door.

“It could get messy in here. Your crumbs will fall everywhere, let’s just eat at the table.” Jaehwang said with a caring tone but the spirit paid him no mind and just picked up the remote to turn on the TV. She wanted to relax so he kept his eyes on the screen as she began to ate her snacks.

“Because of this I...” Her head was hurting and she can’t let him know about that. She consumed all of that fourth tier energy but it caused her more harm than good.

The spirit asked herself how would she be able to focus on helping him if her mind were out all the time. She then shrugged off that idea and continued to watch while eating a giant creme donut.

“I’m disappointed.” The potted pine tree was ruthlessly cut down and the old man was very angry about it.

“We’re sorry.” Said a lady in a shamanist costume as she bowed her head in sorrow.

“Done. When you return all the work will be finished.”

“Thanks.” Said the old man as he looked at the pot next to him where the tree used to be. All of the hardships that he had suffered through were engraved on his face but his body was bulky like that of a young person.

“Rumi, I haven’t noticed that you’ve been by my side for about ten years nows.”

“Yeah.” She was 28 years old although she looked like she was only in her early twenties. She started when she was 18 and since then, she’s been like GwanJae’s shadow but even so, she would still get nervous every time she would hear his voice.

“But even though it has been ten years, you still prefer to stay and help me. Have I underestimated your abilities?”

She fell to her knees at the moment he said that. She’s been loyal by his side for the past ten years and she didn’t really know what kind of ruler he was.

“...” She closed her eyes. She knew that she couldn’t lean on him forever but her mind had turned blank.”

“You’ve done a good job helping me for the past ten years. So I will make sure that that guy would not disappoint you...” GwanJae nodded his head before he sat down to relax.

“Okay, now let’s talk a little. How is that guy doing these days? He’s had a little experience in studying but he suddenly shattered the SamJeon Church. Now his name is pretty well-known around town. Isn’t it a little too much?”

“We should go to Justin point and take some action. All of their father’s names were heard and they stepped back,” Rumi replied.

“He said that he already made use of something and the work was uncared for by the country?” He asked.

She fell silent for a second and replied, “The news was written up, the media erased it all and left behind no tracks. It’s just... Jaehwang is a little familiar with the Daehyeon clan now.”

“The Daehyeon clan?Hm... He met them? There’s no way. How long has that been going on?” He wondered how long had their interactions had been going and asked. He didn’t really have a problem with it, he was just curious.

“I’m not sure,” She replied.

They both then thought of Jaehwang’s and Sooji’s relationship and everything started to make sense. He was actually skeptical about Jaehwang before but now he had more reasons to doubt him. What he found was very surprising and he then started to smirk. “I didn’t know that the Daehyeon group had so many fun tricks.”

“At first glance it looks as if they’re moving aside but their movements seem like their jumping ahead,” Rumi said.

“Hm... It doesn’t seem anything they were hesitant about. Don’t they leave women behind? They’re evil...”

“I will erase them.” Rumi followed as she read GwanJae’s expression. She smirked at the thought of erasing them. It was a clan that they were partnered with but she said that without any hesitation.

“No, first leave them be.” Gwanjae gave her a slight nod.

“Leave them be...?”

“It would be nice to get rid of them but first we have to wait and see.”

“However, we can send threats to Jaehwang. Jaehwang was another one of them that I was getting a bad feeling about,” Rumi said with an anxious tone. GwanJae didn’t know much about Jaehwang and what to think of him but he knew her well. He would be heartbroken if he heard that his grandson would get terribly hurt but GwanJae just smiled and what she had said.

“Sending him threats... Why am I worried about that? He would only get a little hurt and his team members wont get badly injured either. And as for the other guys... Your abilities are still lacking.”

“?” She gave him a nod as he removed all the doubt in her head.

She hesitated for a second and said, “There has to be something more special for Jaehwang.”

“Something special?”

“Yes. we have to find the lady he’s been talking to and we should see what’s inside his room.”

“Huh?” He seemed a little confused and surprised at the same time.

“The stone Buddha, the iron wall and the stone heart, is that the person you’re talking about?”

“Uh... Yes.” Gwanjae showed her a concerned expression.

Rumi then seemed nervous and followed, “What’s his position?”

“Well... He’s undocumented so we can’t check his position but, Jaehwang’s connection with me caused those in Justin point to request us to check hers.”

“Sounds fun... How did that happen?” Rumi replied.

“She was really beautiful and...”

“Beautiful? Even they’re finally starting to be curious about her. Haha, good. That’s a good sign.” She interrupted him before he could even finish talking.

“However, that still doesn’t help much. Jaehwang may be after them...”

“It doesn’t matter. That will only make it harder for them and easier for us.”

“That’s right.” Gwanjae had never intended to invade Jaehwang’s privacy but now he needed to know about the people that he knew. He didn’t really care about if that lady used him or did they really had a date.

The lady he had in mind was the one right in front of him. She amazing skills even though she was just 18, she was the most outstanding and strongert out of all his followers. She immediately absorbed everything she was taught like a sponge and after ten years, she was almost like a granddaughter to him.

“I actually wish you were related to him.”

“I...” She was speechless for the first time.

He wished she was actually family. She was tempted to make a few lame excuses to change the subject but as he said, Jaehwang was like an iron wall but he was more like an impregnable fortress. Of course she had deep scars to the heart from past failures but she couldn’t blame her for that. That was because she didn’t have a keyplayer.

She would rather aim for Jaehwang’s life and she felt like she would be able to relax once that was finished.

“No. You’re just another fool on that side and what i meant was that I want you to always handle the work.” Rumi’s face turned red. “Oh, and, how is that guy?”

“What guy?...” She replied.

“That guy which Jaehwang sent to us to watch over.”

Rumi remembered that she had received the latest report about him. “He has unconscious but, if it’s convenient to you then I can try finding something. It’s just...”

“It’s just...?” Gwanjae followed with a curious tone.

“There are still lots of different procedures in his body that we are still trying to figure out. It turned out to be a very complicated situation. Another thing is that, they found out that his behaviour was caused by a nanobot in his brain which was made from a foreign substance. The examination said that it could be a form of a brainwashing drug.”

GwanJae’s face was turned to stone. “The SamJeom Church leaders are having fun these days, huh? We should try to fix it.”

“Subdue it?” Rumi asked. The country of the SamJeon Church have not been exposed and that was hard to do so. She already made calculations in her head about how much it would take to accomplish that goal.

“No... Soon I’ll need to see blood on my hands. We could have a social meeting but that would be filled by a lot of strong guys. We need be treated as the last survivors on this earth, right? I heard about how they made those amazing items at the SamJeon church and each organization spread the secret. Other people talked about their cruelty but the media swept that aside.” GwanJae had the abilities to possibly subdue it but, he would have to avoid as much damage as he can.

“Those guys developed quite a lot of ways for this. If I could reach a connection with them then things would be much easier.”

GwanJae tried to solve things. SamJeon church had ways to subdue it and all of it was exterminated. The situation would only grow bigger for GwanJae and it would be hard to eliminate them from the picture.

“However, if that happens, we would need a lot of information from groups of all sorts of walks in life in Justin Point before we could check the actual facts. The person that would be in charge of going after Jaehwang could also be defeated.” Rumi gave her advice. She thought that maybe she could take charge of handling Jaehwang instead.

“Is it that simple?” GwanJae said with a smile.

Her Story, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 79: An Honorable Military Discharge




Whoosh...

Jaehwang was careful to not let himself fall onto his head. He had never been defeated until now. A few similar situations had happened to him and he was able to push through but all of his attempts to avoid its attacks had failed.

“Ugh!”

The spirit changed into a snake along with a cheerful voice and it wrapped itself around his chest at the moment he tried to fight. It was a match that kept anyone at the edge of their seats but it started to look like Jaehwang was losing.

Pong!

She punched him, threw him into the air and flung him into the ground.

“I guess you’re not too good with a bare hand-to-hand fight?” She whispered. “What a fraud.”

Jaehwang stood up and tried to get a hold of himself. He has been living with her for three days and if it was possible, he didn’t want to leave his room anymore. She was like a hot potato in Justin point. Baseless rumors had been spreading around them and the other guys would try to hit on her when he’s not around.

The thing that annoyed him the most was the issue with the members of the 8th platoon. They thought he used Joonghwi check card for a date and they have been mocking him about it. He cooped up in his room and he still can’t imagine what they might have thought about him.

“Done,” He said.

A quarter of the day had gone by and now Jaehwang was extremely tired from his session of hand-to-hand fights. Jaehwang and the snake were finally finished and with that, the spirit then loosened her grip.

“Phew...” Jaehwang let out a breath of relief.

“Completely done?” The spirit asked.

“Yes.”

The spirit jumped out of her seat and waved her arms. Jaehwang then saw his wallet appearing in her hands.

“Hah...” Jaehwang said as he opened it up and gave her some cash as payment for helping him out. He thought about them living normally where he could get his rest.

Both of them had planned things to be this way now that they’re living together. He could polish up his combat skills while helping her consume more energy. That’s how they decided to spend their days.

The spirit went back inside of him and that’s the time when he was finally able to leave his room to return the card that he borrowed. He wished that he could just do internet payments but he couldn’t do anything but bank transactions in this world. That’s why he stopped by at a local bank to transfer the money from Joonghwi’s account to his.

He then proceeded to his room and knocked at his door to hand it over. Joonghwi soon opened the door with a dissasitfied expression.

“Thank you.” Jaehwang gave him his card.

“Did you have fun?” He replied.

“Yes.” There were rumors going around but Jaehwang felt that there was no need to address anything like that. He kept his replies short and it appears that Joonghwi didn’t like it.

“Well... There were some jealous guys around... That pretty girl... Why don’t you introduce her to us?”

“She left.” Jaehwang replied.

“Interesting. You just sent her off? That doesn’t sound so good. But, okay. I hope she had a good stay. Come in.” Joongwhi said as he ushered him through his door.

“Sure.” He walked in and sat on a sofa in front of a table.

Joonghwi got him a cup of coffee along with a piece of paper.

“What’s this?” Jaehwang asked.

“A Personal reward...” Joonghwi said as Jaehwang tilted his head to pick it up. It said that everyone had received a personal reward but they didn’t understand it because no one ever had one.

“I just received a high-ranked greeting here in Justin point recently. It makes me feel like we’re not being protected properly. To be specific...”

“Yes?”

“It’s pretty simple. You have been pointed out as a person of merit and is said to receive an honorable military discharge.” At that moment, Jaehwang felt as if he had stopped breathing.

“I thought that they either couldn’t protect us or just left us out.” Joonghwi slightly lowered his head. “It’s weird but, I think that this is a good thing for you.”

Jaehwang said nothing as a reply. He just started his tasks and now he’s told that he’s getting an honorable discharge after just one month. That wasn’t a bad thing. Anyone would be happy to receive news like that. He’s told that he’s a hunter but he likes to do and be whatever he pleases.

“I already finished talking with the others,” Joonghwi followed. “Is there something you would like to say to them, too?”

Jaehwang looked a little sad and disappointed as he thought about the other members of the 8th platoon.

“It came yesterday. You were busy hanging out with that girl so we didn’t call... And don’t be so disappointed or sad. I’ve persuaded half of them. To be honest, no one will ever be able to cover your position in the platoon. I don’t think they’ll ever be working with anyone with a skill like yours. This is a good thing but it’ll be bad for the platoon in the long run. Well, things now are actually getting a bit out of hand”

“I see.” Jaehwang shook his head. He understood everything and he didn’t want to drag everyone with him.

“Good.” Joonghwi placed the paper in his pocket with a bitter smile. He knew that his position didn’t fit him well but he thought that it would be long before he could find someone as capable as him.

He did more than just help, he saved the platoon members’ lives and they all eventually became friends. He knew that they could improve without him and there would come a time when they would get to do things without them worrying.

“Want to continue to help us until the day you get discharged?” He said.

“Of course.” Jaehwang agreed and left through the door. Joonghwi was left staring at the cup of coffee he prepared for him.

“I want us to stay together but...”

To him, his entire life meant his responsibility towards the platoon. Everything he did was for the team but at this point, he started to question everything. Soon, everything in their lives would have to change.

There were two men sitting in a dark place.

“The Trinity honor...”

“I don’t think it’s a good thing, I regret meeting it.”

“Yes. The church and the leader’s anger looked like it could even pierce the skies...”

“I see. However, please take a little more precautions with the task in the church this time.”

“What do you mean by that?” He spoke with an excited tone.

“This time the task includes that person related to GwanJae.”

“Someone related to him... Then his position must be so embarrassing.”

“Yes. So this time it should be easy. There’s no way I would point you out but if you don’t do this right then you’ll be in trouble.”

“Got it. I will make the church leader and the church proud.” He smiled.

“Thank you.”

“But, everything has already started so it’ll be difficult. Please keep everything prepared according to the schedule even if GwanJae is here.”

“Yes, sir. I’ve been in the church for a long time and I don’t think what I’ve prepared will be enough.”

“Yes. Things could’ve gotten as planned but something happened at the Giant Footprint and we have sustained quite a bit of damage. The date is still currently being estimadeted but there will be a march. We still have our limits but remember, we are still in control.”

“I will”

“And now even our devoted followers have to prepare.” He shook his head from the opposite side of the table.

“I know. But until that time, let’s just keep everything a secret.”

“Good.”

“Bye.”

“See you soon.”

“Sure... See you soon.”

They exchanged goodbyes. They all had gathered the day before his discharge to say their farewells. It wasn’t anything big but they all went out at night to hang out and talk for one last time. Although their time together had been short, Jaehwang left a big impact on them.

They’ve realized a lot of things that Jaehwang taught them. The spirit was there too so they all finally got to meet her.

His skills were more lacking than anyone else’s and his low expectations for himself had to be adjusted. Everything Joonghwi taught to him sounded like the lessons he learned from the academy but he took it all to his heart knowing that it was the knowledge that he would live by. They were his teachers just like his instructors at the academy.

“What are we going to do without you!”

“It’ll be okay, Mingyeon.” Jaehwang replied with a bittersweet tone.

The saddest person was, of course, Mingyeon. Jaehwang was the reason why she was able to overcome her panic disorder. He helped her become a hero to those she saved. They spent their night talking to the spirit to feed their curiosity about Jaehwang’s feelings towards her but they still didn’t sense anything in the end.

It went like that and the farewell party ended with them finishing their drinks and after Mingyeon had finished crying. He felt sorry for them but he knew that he still had to leave. Jaehwang packed his bags the next day and left his room filled with their memories. They all still went with him to say their final goodbyes until he went through the gate and got onto the military bus.

The closest place through the Justin point gate was the gate of the world’s Pyeongyang outskirts lying on a low mountain. Pyeongyang was filled with a lot of monster corpses from Justin point and there was a city just two leaps through its underground resources.

Jaehwang then got off the bus once it had reached the bus stop. The first thing he saw was the management office gate. He could also see so many people through the window at the material resources counter. It almost looked like a small airport.

He was told that they usually looked like that these days. All the people gathered in there had supplies and naturally formed a business park until a town was formed. It was dangerous because of the monsters and the outskirts extension was blocked off but they had managed to pull through after a few improvements on its structures.

He walked inside and saw three security devices and a long cord formed behind him. It was a formal procedure. All the people from the other world had to go through a search to see if they were carrying some illegal items. Plants from the Alousu were prohibited and would be reported because they were considered as a rare mineral.

However, they had a string that they would use to search the hunters passing through. It was a It was impossible to hide anything and nothing could be smuggled out of this place.

“You don’t have any illegal goods, do you?” The guard asked with doubtful tone.

“No I don’t.” Jaehwang then walked into the search device. It was a common question that requires an obvious answer.

-One more third tier energy type.

-He can have it since he’s got through the gate.

The spirit was full of energy and very twelve hours she would demand more third tier energy. It had the lowest level compared to everything else which makes its price very affordable. If it wasn’t for those valley creatures, he would have a lot in him too.

-If you go, how will you leave?

-First, I’ll go see my grandfather and say goodbye to him. And I have to see Dongchul.

He replied as he handed his ID at the gate. The check has ended, he was about to say goodbye to the Alousu but then...

Whoosh! Whoosh!

A red warning light went off at the gate entrance.

An Honorable Military Discharge, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 80: Deadly Jaehwang




“It’s a rank four monster wave warning!” One of the guards had shouted.

The employees of the service office rushed out of their rooms to look at the warning broadcast.

“Four... Rank four? That’s bad news!”

“Quickly, get moving! If it’s a rank four then we have to be prepared!” One of them yelled.

“The people that are using the gate can guard it! The hunters inside can protect everything in there! For those who were outside, prepare our vehicles!”

“And don’t push and shove while trying to get around!”

They got everything in order and even after what they had said, people still flocked into the gate to save themselves. Jaehwang left a little earlier and he went around to ask the nearby guard if they got the situation under control.

They then gave him a bit of information so he could understand the situation a bit more. Jaehwang then asked, “How are you going to do that?”

He replied back as he looked at Jaehwang’s clothes which were drenched with sweat. “An unconfirmed Oak Army had appeared 40 kilometers northeast from the Justin point branch.”

“Oaks? What about the scout platoons?”

“Until then I still need to...”

-The estimated number is 5,000! It’s 5,000! We’ll be changing its previous rank to five.

A voice rang through the headset and the man that talked to Jaehwang turned pale.

“It’s rank five... Darn it!”

He started to panic and Jaehwang was taken aback since a fifth rank monster could cause a national disaster. He realized that there was no time to waste so he took out his smartphone and called Joonghwi.

He turned on the phone. It rang a few times as he continued to walk faster.

-What is it?

-Are you checking in?

It didn’t take long for him to answer. Although he was discharged from the military alone, he wanted to check and see if they were alive before he left.

He followed the Alousu immigrant training evacuation manual and Jaehwang walked out of the entrance gate. He prepared to quickly move through the entrance and he saw all the hunters gathering on one side of the office. He thought that maybe they were all under the nation mobilization order.

Their faces looked tensed and irritated. The officer checked all of their hunter licenses and their IDs. He then gave them their card termination date and registered them as participants.

-Rank two Hybrid hunter Jeon Jaehwang... You are not a summoned candidate.

He got Jaehwang’s license card termination date and looked at him with a surprised face. He was a level two hybrid hunter but he wasn’t a summoned candidate. It was something that he didn’t understand.

“There’s a reason for that but I just need to ride the bus to get somewhere.”

“Ah... I understand.” He gave him a nod. He knew that Justin point needed every hunter that they could give.

It wasn’t long before they made their way towards Justin point along with the other hunters that got on. One of the service men then talked to him.

-There’s about 5,000 Oaks marching 35 kilometers away from the branch base.

They eventually got to the fortress and they were divided to play a role in their overall strategy. Ten minutes have passed and they were only now five kilometers away from their base. Jaehwang immediately got off and ran out of the parking lot.

The platoon members were inspecting their equipment. Joonghwi saw Jaehwang and he opened his mouth in surprise. They just said their farewells a while ago but now he’s back with them once more.

“What’s going on?”

“Jaehwang,You’re back again.”

“I heard the news of the wave and came as soon as I could. But, why didn’t you answer your phone?” Jaehwang asked and Joonghwi and the platoon members broke out with a laugh.

“They went through the border and every servicepersons’ cord came undone. These guys...”

“I see.” Jaehwang replied. “What’s going on?”

Jaewhang asked and Joonghwi’s face got stiff. “It’s not good. The contrast is undone and the troops appeared out of nowhere. They appeared from the northeast side but they shouldn’t be there. There’s estimated to be 5,000 of them but it looks like there was much more than that. They are everywhere, big and small, they’re rallying together.”

Jaehwang’s face had turned cold. “It’s surprising. Haha... But we’ll take care of it. I’ve dealt with situations much more serious than this in the past. The mobilization order had been done so I came back again so let’s get going. They would work as an independent platoon and if there’s no one to serve as a middleman then we would be at a disadvantage. Our luck is not that bad but even if we went out early everyday, I doubt that we would see anything like this.

Joonghwi felt sorry that Jaehwang still helped them even after he was exempted and even though it was his choice to come back. He was smiling but Jaehwang could still feel his anxiety.

“Do you really think that everything would be okay?” One of the platoon members asked.

“Yes. So, let’s get moving. Let’s leave and install the walls.” Joonghwi said and everyone got to work.

Jaehwang could tell that the platoon members were nervous. It was a risky task but they had to do something. He didn’t mention how many sacrifices would come along the way.

“How will we do the platoon arrangements? Will we send a message from above?” One of them inquired.

“It seems like we’ll grab a mercury strand first. We’ll listen and the oaks won’t see the siege lumber that we’re gonna use. It’ll be hard to find big trees in this neighborhood but there’s a big machine gun in the military bus that we could rely on. The base outside the military bus is surrounded and so a shield would be formed. That should be enough of a distance where everyone could fight off the oaks without having too much casualties.”

“Got it” They all gave him a nod.

Justin point was surrounded with a barrier, they were told where the weapons were located and went on with the plan. There was an earthen anti aircraft gun in each strategic point of the defense. There were a lot of excellent 30mm Gatling machine guns but if they fired all at once, it could result into a crossfire. The platoon then decided to make do what they have on the bus to make their gun more powerful compared to the others.

They went through their stocked supplies. They had a lot even though their support had been at its lowest for the past ten years. They were just doing fine even if there were hunters everywhere and when they had assembled, there were over 5,000 of them.

The platoon soon left off of the parking ramp. They tried to relax but they could barely even think straight. Even if fighting that monster didn’t help them level up, they had to hunt every last one of them. They were still had a long way towards the base’s shield and if they begin their attack, they would have to take something as a souvenir even if there would be no treasure left to be found.

Jaehwang headed towards the store. He was short on consumable supplements and needed to get more. If he was in the servicepersons’ position then he could go to an exclusive dissemination store but he had to go to a civilian store since he was out of time.

“The situation is really bad. Everyone needs to evacuate if possible!” He heard a dry voice that stopped him in his tracks.

“Yes. we need a minimum of twenty flags. The information actually said that 20 wasn’t enough but if there was more than that then the Oak leader would have to command them. There’s a lot of them... It’s been the best turnout in ten years. If it becomes long-term then...”

He came close enough where he could see his face. He was wearing a hat and he looked to be in his early 40s along with his shabby shield. There was the voice of a woman coming out of the phone he was talking on. There was a big action cam on his right shoulder and he had another camera in his right hand.

“Okay. I don’t bother being in Justin point but it’s just that you’re so far away. Come through the gate. Okay. Okay.... Does it sound like I’m speaking nonsense? I’m super stressed out here too. Has the patrol platoon been arranged? The oak leader gave the okay and the oak fighter is also there but there’s a barrier.”

Jaehwang then walked up to the guy on the phone. “What are you talking about?”

“Huh? Uh.. I don’t know what you’re talking about!” The guy replied.

He saw Jaehwang’s clothes and then Jaehwang asked him another question saying, “The walls are being built right now?”

He was avoiding eye contact when Jaehwang asked him. He then said goodbye to the lady on the phone, he hung up and said, “Why are you asking me this?”

He looked glared at Jaehwang. He wasn’t saying anything ridiculous, he had no reason to explain anything to him but the urgency of the situation made him reconsider.

Jaehwang just stared at him without saying anything else. He could feel his heart beating and he couldn’t avoid Jaehwang’s stare. He soon started to quiver. He was like a predator being exposed to have the heart of a herbivore. “I...I’ll tell you. Th... This is a little....”

Jaehwang continued to keep his eyes on him. His heart continued to pound and he spoke once again. “What do you want to know?”

“What kind of skills can you expect from the Oaks?” Jaehwang asked, he thought about it for a little while and then answered.

“Uhh. Well, this is difficult so they know to it associate with the hunters... But I’ve been a BJ in Justin point for over ten years but I heard that this oak situation was unusual.”

“Unusual?”

“There’s 20 flags. Don’t you know what that means? A flag is a strength multiplier and the Oak’s basic strength starts with 500.

Jaehwang did some quick calculations and answered, “So they could be ten thousand strong?”

“Yes. But I don’t know exactly...Ah, I got it.” Jaehwang gave him a confused look so he followed, “Just as you said, there could be 10,000. The problem is that now the patrol platoon can’t be contacted to help with the attack. They won’t know that it’s surely a wide range of troops. Like the drones that can’t float on earth and the radio we depend on here for hunter information.”

“I see.” Jaehwang tightly gathered his hand into a fist thinking about there could be more of them. It was a simple doubled difference. Their machine guns won’t be enough to take them and he wasn’t done talking yet.

“Besides, the biggest problem is the Oaks on the northeast side. As you know, there weren’t any oaks on that side. So what’s going on? They went there to form an expedition on the Drakus’ land and made it their new land. But the worst thing is...”

Draku... One of the three tribes that ruled the Alousu. Although the three tribes are said to be weak, they are one of the ancient tribes still living today and they are said to be a mysterious kind. Their closure exchange with humans never happened. Maybe if everything worked out before then...

“10,000 Oaks and Drakus is something that’s never happened before.” Jaehwang finished his sentence.

“Yes. and were lucky to have that many come to Justin point... Maybe if we worked together and rush towards the gate then Justin point wouldn’t be isolated. It had a large shield but isolation is its greatest weakness.”

He finished talking and Jaehwang realized that his palms were sweating. Listening to him talk made it felt as if it was a war.

“Thank you for the helpful information.” Jaehwang got the fourth tier energy from the shop and ran out.

“Wait!” He suddenly got what he needed and rushed out. He tried to tell him something before he left but Jaehwang just continued to run.

There were a few stores that appeared down the alleyways and he went into one of them. The door clicked as he walked in and he grabbed his phone. He heard a loud voice of someone that saw him and he hung it up immediately.

“Oh... Today’s deal...” The employee was about to speak but she was interrupted.

“I need all the arrows you have, please.” Jaehwang placed his money on the counter. The store employee looked and the money and shook her head.

“We don’t have those kind of products, they were banned.”

“This...” Jaehwang then started to look a little mad. There were about 2,000 arrow heads left but just as he expected, that wasn’t enough. Jaehwang then sunk deep into his thoughts and the store employee tilted her head.

“How much do you need? Maybe we can work something out. Since you’re a hunter we can give you a discount so you can get everything you need... Of course with a quantitative restriction but...”

“I need kind of a lot more, sorry not just a little but a whole lot more.”

Deadly Jaehwang, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 81: Deadly Jaehwang 2




-Hm... It’s disappointing but the administration report tied up everything, it’s nothing new. And the officer and... huh? I see... Well isn’t he the guy who won the archery match with the DaeHyeon clan? Didn’t he get a new record of 498 points within the shortest time?!” He shrugged his shoulder and shook his head. He saw Jaehwang’s face and screamed in surprise.

-Right...

-Maybe before this... he seemed to have started the match with Sooji in the training center.

-Hm. It is because of you hunters have been fighting over arrows for some time now. It hasn’t even been a few days and they’ve started to bring everything back but... anyways I have a video of that match. It’s really amazing, you should really watch it.

-Good.

The man replied before he hung up on the call.

Jaehwang went on a different route deliberately to get to where he wanted to go. The Justin point shopping district was the best place to get weapons but if it was bundled up then it would be better for him to find another place. He went to a shop which was one of the three places that sold the best arrows.

“You’re going to use these to hunt the Oaks?” The store owner asked him.

“Of course, ” He replied.

They must have thought Jaehwang was panic buying but of course, he could understand that. He had checked all the information that he had on the Oaks’ invasion as he went everywhere to look for arrows.

“Hm, you don’t look like someone who uses arrows... How do I put this?”

“Yes?” Jaehwang replied to the store employee after he got buried in his thoughts and as if he was about to tell him a secret, he leaned in closer to Jaehwang’s face and whispered,

“There’s not many in stock but we have some arrows.”

Jaehwang’s face lit up. Obviously he was still wearing his hood so he couldn’t see his face but the store employee could see that he was interested.

“How much?”

“I don’t really know the exact amount. I make arrows as a hobby so those are handmade... Do you want to buy them? Don’t keep me waiting...”

“Sure.” Jaehwang shook his head.

He went to the door of the store to prepare the equipment and sent a hand gesture to Jaehwang.

“Over here...”

“Here it is.”

Jaehwang then handed him money from out of his pocket. The market price was about 2,000,000, that sounded too much of a price for an arrow but he needed every good arrow that he could get.

The store employee handed him something out of his pocket and said, “Even though there’s nothing in stock, I can sell you these. You can have them at a discounted price. This should be enough.”

“Thanks, these are great arrows by the way.” Jaehwang gave him the rest of his money and they made their exchange. The store employee’s custom made arrows were incomparable to others that were sold normally.

All of the arrows weren’t the same but its overall quality was great. He gave him a few hundred, some of them were in poor condition but he would just have to avoid using those for as long as he could.

They didn’t fly at first so Jaehwang used the arrows that were in a better condition. He would have to choose the arrows good enough to overcome the 400 pound tension.

He appreciated the store employee’s effort as a lot of the arrows were great shape. He also gave him 50 high-quality arrow strings that he could use.

“I didn’t think I would get these for such a good price.” They were like a prized work of craftsmanship. He shoved all of the arrows in his pocket but some stuck out since it didn’t fit.

The employee then scratched his head and said, “I’m happy to see that you liked them. If you become famous, please don’t forget about me and my store. Haha. And if you like you can come back for more. I have never seen anyone who would use arrows like that.”

They prepared the arrows and made sure everything was ready.

“To be honest, I make my money off of these. It’s good to know that some people still enjoy them.” Jaehwang then shook his head.

He understood what he meant, he was a craftsman before he became a merchant. He gave him the proper compensation for the products and prepared to leave.

“I will come back again.”

“Great, have a good day.”

He left the store and walked quickly to get himself back to his platoon. Although Jaehwang wasn’t their member anymore, he wasn’t planning to let them do this on their own. Someone then yelled, it looked like the voice was trying to tell him something.

“Hey! Your hood!” He looked back and saw that is was that BJ from the last store.

“Huh?”

“It’s urgent. The Oaks seemed to have stopped their march a little while ago.”

“They stopped their march?” Jaehwang replied with a confused tone.

“Yes. It doesn’t mean we can sit back and relax but, It’s important for you to know that they’ve stopped. And there was something else I needed to tell you...”

“What is it?”

“I was a war BJ and this war seems very intense, right? The hunters could go and fight but it could be really dangerous. But, do you want me to help you? I can make you an SNS star. You can earn a lot of money.” Jaehwang stood stared at him without a word so he followed, “It’ll be easy.”

Jaehwang then walked passed him. He wasn’t interested in becoming an SNS star.

“I see... We can half the profits, 5:5. Wait... 6:4!” Jaehwang ignored him and just kept walking. “That’s not all. I left something out... I’ve been a BJ here for the past ten years so I know a lot more...”

Jaehwang paused, he looked at him and said, “What’s the other information.”

“Stop! Stop! This way!”

He walked towards him, he finally got his attention and there, he told them a few bits of information that he knew.

“I was actually considering if I should tell you this but here we are. First, it seems that they’ve grabbed the mercury strand in Justin point but there was no response. So I personally checked to see the Oak troops and I was told that they knew a way to handle them but they are still having a hard time...” He said and Jaehwang was then lost in thought. He then walked away to get back to the platoon but he kept thinking about what the BJ said. Besides, there’s a battle going on so he couldn’t ignore the information that he got.

“What’s happening?” Jaehwang asked. He then grinned and handed him some money.

“What can I do to stop the attack?” Jaehwang said and he shrugged his shoulder.

“As far as I know it’ll be a close match, it’ll be interesting to watch. And I could tell you how...”

“I’m not interested in being an SNS star.”

“Wow, how boring. Do you have any idea how fun it is to be an SNS star? You’ll have lots of female fans...”

“I’m. Not. Interested.”

“Fine... How about we split it 6:4?”

Jaehwang then shook his head as he raised his hand for a handshake.

“I’m BJ Dal Jeon.

“My name is Jeon Jaehwang.”

They then shook hands and he asked Jaehwang a question. “Why do you hate SNS? And do you have a nickname of some sort?”

“I don’t know but I’ll do it. I have to eat too.”They both then walked together.

Jaehwang was then trying to think of a nickname in his head but couldn’t think of anything. The spirit then asked,

-Why do you need a nickname?

-I need to think of one for one of those broadcasts.

-Hm... So you need a name for other people to know you by?

-Yes.

-So a name, not your actual name but it makes people think of you when they hear it?

-Yep.

-I see.

Jaehwang thought about it for sometime now.

“How about just using ‘The archer’?”

He couldn’t think of anything else and just said the most simple name, DalJeon looked a little unimpressed. “The archer? You need something that packs a lot of impact that the viewers would like. Hm... Ah! How about ‘Deadly’? Your good at shooting arrows and hunting, it goes perfect with your image.”

“Can’t it be something more normal?”

“This isn’t a giveaway. This will get you followers and fans!”

“Okay, okay.”

It was a bit of an embarrassing name but Jaehwang agreed to it. Thinking that a better name would cross his mind soon. The most important thing right now was that he had options.

“Okay, Deadly! It would be be a pleasure doing business with you!”

Jaehwang was starting to regret his choice. He couldn’t imagine how much the name ‘Deadly’ would always stick to him.

“Phew... I need to lose weight.”

Jaehwang and DalJeon arrived at their destination filled giant concrete towers after a long trip.

“What’s this place?”

“Gu Raider Station. It’s been closed for ten years but this was just the perfect place around the neighborhood so they plan on reopening it. It’s sturdy and its location is close to the north side... The distance is a little bothersome but...”

He was explaining as Jaehwang looked around. It was quite sturdy just as he mentioned. It was a little windy and he could see the barrier about 400 meters away. He looked up at the tall tower and slowly made his way at the top of it.

Whiii...

He reached the top thereafter, he stood there and looked below at Justin point. He still couldn’t see the Oaks but he could feel the installation of their walls at the bottom of his feet. He could also hear the sound of the 30mm machine gun.

-Jaehwang?

The spirit then walked up to him.

-Huh?

-‘Deadly’ is a funny nickname.

-I know.

Jaehwang replied.

Deadly Jaehwang 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 82: Deadly Jaehwang 3




-I regained the spells I lost when I received the energy from the tiara.

The spirit said in his head.

-Huh? Spell?

-Yes. It’s an ancestral tablet but it’s magic... It’s overflowing just a bit but it seems that I’ll be able to use it.

-Right now?

-It’s difficult now, isn’t it? If I use it right now then I’ll get exhausted and lose strength... Is that what you want??

-Right. So, should I prepare on my own?

-Yes. Exactly. However, what I am telling you now... It’s pretty simple. You could get a 100 percent increase in power using fifth tier energy.

-Can I get to that much?

He didn’t know its exact limit but he was guessing that it was about 40 percent. But of course, the spirit knew much more about that.

-And if there’s not an additional 20 percent increase at 6th tier then there would be a 1 percent increase at seventh tier.

-I thought you didn’t find anything.

-Right... However, I’m working hard on getting stronger. Anyway, what are you doing? Wanna practice fighting?

-Thanks.

Jaehwang then shook his head at the spirit’s question. Her suggestion wasn’t a bad idea.

-Thanks because...? Well, you have to get stronger. You need to get through the third tier. Why don’t you just use the energy as you please?

The spirit asked.

-I can try. Just keep trying to get to the fifth tier. I’m just at the third tier so I’ll use what we have.

-What a petty thought... I failed to reach the fourth tier so I don’t know if I could get to the fifth.

-Dismissed

The spirit would originally use her skills as much as she liked but she decided to use her energy to help Jaehwang instead. It will take a few steps and will be a bit of a hassle but she believes that it would all be worth it.

“Okay, We’re ready for filming...”

DalJeon said after he adjusted the angle of the main camera on the wall. He then went and put a USB headset in his ear and turned it on.

-Click... The EC32 location wasn’t checked in the attack... Click click... Heavy power suit clearance complete... Click... Quickly! Fast! Movement! Click... Facing the gate of rapid attack and a giant attack. Click...

“Hm...The faster ones seem to have already escaped. The mobilization order refusal penalty has become dim. And... Ugh, it’s so loud.”

There were a lot of radios flying into the net and the noise was out of control. His hand movements then blocked the net.

-The patrol platoon is complete... Click... There’s a silent attack from a monster around the northwest side. The masses can sense it! There’s a scale of three! There’s an invader in their habitat. They’ve all lost consciousness!

“Hm, a monster...”

He took a piece of paper out of his pocket and he used his pencil to write something down.

“They’ve already started to attack... All of them are great hunters but it’s a big problem if we can’t get in contact with them.”

Taking down the monster would be a challenge but after hunting it, the quality of its meat would still be very expensive. It seems to have weighed about three tons and a quick attack would be dangerous. If you have a good trick to capture it then things would get easier. There was a business in America that specialized in handling the meat of monster corpses but it was unfortunately destroyed after a vicious attack.

There’s a simple way to catch the monsters. They could try just one attack from a quick heavily armed military bus and they would have a good chance of succeeding, however, the monsters would also have a chance of escaping their attack. That’s why they would have to recruit as many hunters as possible to help.

“Of course, looks like we’re seeing it face-to-face.”

After recording the cruel scene of the string control, it was then time for editing. After that, they uploaded the video to YouTube and reviewed the video on his laptop.

‘He’s such a pain.’

He thought to himself with a smirk as he stared at Jaehwang.. To him, he looked very young and youthful.

DalJeon then reached out his hand for a simple reason. He didn’t know that he was a beginner hunter. He looked nothing like a beginner but he could tell that he was skillful and he would gain so much profit by publicizing his skills into the internet.

He was able to defeat the Oaks even though they had powerful weapons that were just as good as those that humans had and their senses were even better. He found it hard to believe that they could just be entirely defeated by an arrow.

The real reason that he chose Jaehwang was that the place that DalJeon was in at that moment was restricted to civilians and going through it could permanently block him out of Justin point. So to avoid that, he just used Jaehwang’s hunter license and got through the entrance so they could get themselves a good filming spot.

They officially settled the percentage of the profits that they were going to share even before they signed their contract. They were going to divide it by six but they decided on something else.

He knew a lot of information on even the rarest of monsters and those were the most valuable tools of his trade. His income was already steady but this was his chance to get much more compared to that. He had an idea like this before but things happened and the information was completely changed.

“The video turned out great.” He looked at the camera with a smile thinking that they were lucky to find such a good spot.

Deuk... Deuk... Deuk... Deuk...

The sound of a soft drum begun to fill their surroundings. At first it was unnoticeable but soon it was all that they could hear. They could hear the sound of engines starting five minutes earlier. The troops then heard the drums from the other side of the wall and ten minutes later, they could hear it everywhere.

The drums made the ground vibrate. It shook them a little but it was enough to make the army troops nervous. The Oak soldiers then started to appear from the horizon.

“Huh?...” One of them said as he looked through the binoculars with his mouth wide open.

A few seconds had passed and he felt like he longer needs it. They looked like a swarm of ants oozing out of the horizon. They were walking towards Justin point and they seemed to be moving very slowly but It only seemed that way because they were far away.

It looked as if a huge wave was coming towards them. They turned their backs on Justin point’s geography commercial rear cliff and focused on the front. However, the Oak soldiers were everywhere. It was too late to turn back and that’s why when they saw the monsters, it felt like they were also coming towards them.

-One, two, three groups have shut down the entrance... Everyone is in their battle stations.

-I have alerted the 8th platoon.

Joonghwi ended the radio conversation as he kept an eye out the window with his binoculars.

“This is the first time I’ve seen an Oak army like this...” He said.

“Really? This is your first time?” One of the platoon members replied.

Joonghwi had the most experience out of all the clan members. Some of them thought that this couldn’t be his first time to see something like that.

“Hmm, the military discipline is harsh. Defeating the Oaks will be difficult... They look very strong and have sturdy helmets. They look pretty much unbeatable but could they just look that way?” Joonghwi said and the platoon members faces looked a little anxious. They were armed to the teeth but so were the Oaks.

The Oaks was a very powerful type of an intelligent monster which was skilled at commanding armies in battles.

They had to plan everything in detail to prepare for the fight. When the Oaks were hungry, they would freely roam around to find people to prey on. But that wasn’t the only reason...

They wanted to rule the land. There were firm structured armed soldiers. In some situations, the Oaks have lost fights against other soldiers and with that, the patrol troops were one of the few that could completely destroy the Oak villages. But, the Oaks can still put up a good fight when they unite under the same banner.

“Woah... It’s so many of them.” He said as he watched them cover the ground in the distance.

“Stupid idiots., what are they thinking.”

Justin point wouldn’t fall that easy but they still had to be cautious of the damages that the attack could cause.

Joonghwi observed them through his binoculars. He felt anxious, he took a deep breath and then whispered, “...This isn’t good...”

He continued to watch them. They all had giant shields that had humans tied in front of it. They were those who were captured and taken hostage, the clothes that they wore were torn up and they were all covered in blood.

Boom...

They then heard a loud noise. It came from their center and made the Oaks stop on their tracks. They were right in front of the five-kilometer tall wall. They were armed but both sides knew that shooting each other at that point would be wasteful. They had more but both of them were aware of the weapons that they could use.

“Today would be difficult,” Joonghwi said. The Oaks have shown a great improvement since their last fight with their kind. “They’re strong...”

The Oaks wore a black heavy steel armor together with their helmets. They seemed to have lots of private funds by the looks of what they have. They then looked around as if they were inspecting the place and then, they all stood still in a line. After a little while, they started to walk march forward.

“They very look prepared...” Joonghwi said looking at their armor, thinking that they were as strong as a sixth tier monster.

They were strong; they had great armor, high-quality armed weapons, and big shields. They continued to get closer and closer. One of them then turned around to the other Oaks and shouted. They didn’t have much more distance left to cover but after that, their response to was more of a bestial shriek.

The Oaks then started the attack.

“What are they doing?” Jaehwang asked DalJeon.

“I’m not sure. Are they underestimating me? I’m much older than them...” He replied.

Of course, they didn’t expect any respect from the Oaks. He then looked through a pair of binoculars.

“They have big shields...” DalJeon said. He was trying to estimate in his head how many of them were there but they were so many that he couldn’t even tell.. The ground up ahead was covered with Oak soldiers. It looked like a battle scene taken out of a movie.

They started to place their shields in front of them as they covered half of the distance left between them and the wall. The number of guns they had looked to be about 6,000. That was an estimate from just one quick glance but it was much easier to see as they got closer.

All of the weapons in Justin point were set up and ready. It was an explosive and a dangerous situation but the Oaks were getting close so they had to do something and hope for the best on their end. The only problem was that the explosives wouldn’t go far because of the people that were tied to their shields.

A few of them were struggling trying to escape. They started to get even closer making their screams louder..

“Save us!”

“I don’t want to die!”

Said the humans that were cruelly tied to their shields. The oaks kept a straight face and continued moving forward. They were then about three kilometers away and so the Justin point soldiers finally started making commands. They had no intentions to save the hostages.

-It’s time to fire!

The leader said through the radio.

Pang! Pang! Pang!

Pang! Pang! Pang!

Someone was controlling the 30mm machine gun on top of the military bus. The top of the Justin point barrier was covered in smoke from all of the weapons that were being fired since the attack had started. The Oaks just continued to press on as they raised their shields.

Teukteukteuk... Teukteuk... Teukteukteuk

Pang... Pang

They couldn’t even hear their voices through all that gunfire. The 30mm machine gun was definitely getting a direct hit. Some of them thought that the oaks had predicted this situation but even so, they wanted to find a way to rescue them.

Deadly Jaehwang 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 83: An Evolution




Ping... Ping... Ping...

Their shots were blocked by the Oak’s giant shields who suffered a few dents for each and every explosion that they would throw.

The Oaks helped each other off to block their attacks as much as they could but it wasn’t long before their defense began to shatter. The humans had started to break through so they had no choice but to return the favor..

“They don’t seem to be too affected,” DalJeon said as he watched them from afar.

The 30mm machine gun was very big and strong. A direct hit from it could completely destroy dozens of them at once, however, the Oaks had layers and layers of iron over their armor that reduced most of its impact.

It shocked Jaehwang too. They weren’t even strong enough to give him a challenge during the last time they fought.

“The Oaks are using magic... It’s very strong. This is going to be difficult...”DalJeon as he watched them cast some spells. He then saw a different one; It had horns sticking out of its head and it carried a giant stick on its back which it raised to the sky before the other oaks marched forward. “It’s the Oak leader...”

“The Oak leader?” Jaehwang replied with a confused tone.

“An Oak leader possesses some high ranked magical skills which are very rare. It has a limitless range of magical abilities which makes it very powerful,” DalJeon explained.

The oaks seemed prepared and it was like they had someone on their side coaching them. But it wasn’t like the soldier of Justin point weren’t ready as well.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

They continued to press on with their 30mm machine gun. Flames were everywhere and the Oak’s shields blew up in blue light as they tried to block them.

The Oaks started to have a hard time blocking and they were forced to take a step back. The machine gun ran on energy so the high-angle weapon affected the monsters more. It was enough to break through their shields to attack them directly. The range of their machine gun could possibly reach all of them but that would dangerous on their side as well. Using it at full power would bring them a risk equal to the advantage it could bring.

Whoosh...

They wanted to decrease their output so they kept their shots low to avoid hitting the drones hovering in the air and despite that, the swarm of Oak soldiers within the distance were getting gunned down. They were aware of the drones above them but they can do so little with their short ranged arrows.

They kept focusing on the drones even though their arrows would always come back down. The drones in the sky then dropped a couple of black capsules which opened before it hit the ground.

Pong! Pong!

They weren’t explosives, they just harmlessly exploded as they fell from the air which covered the Oaks in a cloud of dense gray smoke.

The Oaks dropped their weapons and held onto their throats. White foam started to leak out from their mouths and that white foam then turned into blood. The capsule that launched from the drones was a chemical weapon.

The white smoke continued to cover the area where the Oaks were but none of them were ready to give up. They were trained on how to handle a situation like this.

“Darn it... Of course, the humans have effective weapons in this fight...”

Breathing it in made them bleed and feel dizzy, a lot of them tried to cover their mouths and noses with their arms but it was no use.

One of the giant strong Oaks then fell to the ground.

“It’s getting really difficult but they shouldn’t get too happy yet.” A rough ominous voice then echoed through all that gunfire.

“Why?” Another one replied.

“This isn’t a victory worth celebrating for them... and we’ll just get angrier.” The Oak leader said and the other shook its head. The fight was far from over, they were all still in pain but they cleared their throats and got ahold of themselves.

“Foolish humans, that’s good news for us. They are our prey. Prepare all of the Oaks. It’s time to fight.”

“Yes, sir.”

He turned and looked around the other Okas who wore heavy but sturdy armor. The leader wore a big crown on his head and a fancy attire that sets him out of the rest.

One of the other Oaks approached the leader, it sat next to it and said, “Leader, it is time.”

“Yes. It’s time.” He replied.

The ones on his right who shared the same fancy attire gave him a polite greeting before they raised their sticks high in the air. They let out a shout as a signal for their attack and they then started to glow with a green light.

Deuk deuk deuk deuk deuk!

The Oaks that were in charge of the war drums resumed their beats, making the whole situation more tense as it should be.

The green light gradually covered the Oaks and the color of their eyes started to change. They marched forward, hitting the ends of their weapons to the beat of the drum along with their bestial screams. A blue light then began to show up all around them.

“They’re... They are rushing in even though we’re going to capture them.”

DalJeon gave a strange look to those remaining Oaks. They were monsters but they seemed to be feeling nauseated. They started to fall down to the ground but they aren’t dead and they are still clearly breathing.

But he knew that they wouldn’t stay down for long, the Oaks were much stronger than they were. They couldn’t relax, they had to focus and keep their guard up at all times.

“What’s going on?” He then saw something unusual through the binoculars.

The blue light that surrounded them looked like a raindrop falling into a giant lake. It was massive but they weren’t surprised at what they saw. The Oaks shrieked by the beat of the drum and their muscles would grow more defined.

“Th-..there!”

It was something that they could recognize after staying in Justin point for ten years.The Oaks were using magic. It was incredible and what worried them the most was that it was their first time seeing magic this strong.

The Oaks then shrieked again. It was complete chaos.

“We need more power!”

Deudeudeudeu

The Oaks then started raging towards Justin point.

Whoosh...

But those in Justin point didn’t just sit by, the redied their weapons and prepared to fire.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

The Oaks continued on forward ready to take on whatever the soldiers could give. They were instantly piled on the entire mountain. Justin point then weren’t the only ones attacking.

Whoosh...

Justin point then launched dozens of missiles. The missile was launched as one but it broke into pieces midflight and gave birth to other smaller projectiles aimed towards the Oaks on the ground.

Whooosh...

They started to land one by one and it caused a fire that made the battlefield look like a complete hell.

Hundreds of Oaks were getting burned but that was all. It handled a lot of them but more Oaks just came out and replaced them making their wave even stronger than before. They still had that green glow in their eyes.

The Oaks started to get even closer to the Justin point barrier. Three kilometers soon turned into two. They tried to focus their firepower but there were just so many of them.

“If it continues on like this then our defenses will collapse.” They looked at the wave of Oaks charging towards the Justin point barrier and DalJeon, who was holding the camera, suddenly just sat down. He then looked at Jaehwang and said, “Why are they doing this?!”

-That?

-Yeah.

-What are you doing?

-Resonating my energy...

-Resonating?

There was a lot going on at the moment but Jaehwang was too busy and had no time to worry about it. A little while ago they were dealing with the aftermath of the Oaks magic. Jaehwang wasn’t doing anything to help with it.

He had a problem with the flow of his energy. He didn’t know about the others but his energy affected him much more than they would affect a usual hunter. After the green energy grew like a flower, it spread throughout their army before it then gathered into a circle before spreading around once more, it went on until it formed a green giant circle. Although the Oaks were behind that power, no one could deny that it was beautiful.

Jaehwang was then able for figure out exactly what was going on.

[Success in understanding the attack after witnessing the high level of energy flow...]

[Understanding complete...]

[With the realization of the energy resonation, your own energy has increased by ten ranks.]

[Energy- 1 Rank, 0 percent]

-Overall energy + 500

-Resurrection energy + 20

-Consciousness: + 2

Pang!

Jaehwang’s mind suddenly turned blank.

He witnessed its resonation and the energy inside him started to fluctuate the moment he lifted it. With it’s power, he began to realize hundreds and millions of facts and information about the energies around him.

He took the next step and finished preparing. He then started to transmit it into his real self. The world’s memories that were buried into the ground were then found in perfect condition as they gathered in front of Jaehwang. A new energy was then stored into him and he finally took his first breath since then.

Whoosh...

Jaehwang’s true feelings flew into him through the air. The winds eventually stopped and Jaehwang’s eyes burst open, he realized what had happened the moment he got up, all of that made him complete.

An Evolution, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 84: An Evolution 2




-Congratulations.

-Thanks.

Jaehwang replied to the spirit with a puzzled expression before he opened the status window.

Status window:

Name: Jeon Jaehwang, Rank C, Level 10/9, 645,787/8000,000exp

Strength: 5.5 (+ 1)

Speed: 8

Stamina: 7

Sense: 10

Consciousness: 9

Energy: 830/830

Resurrection energy rate: 11

-Archery skills

Effects

Strength: 1

Speed: 2

Sense: 2

??

-Silent chase

Effects

Stamina: 2

Resurrection energy rate: 20

??

(New) -Precaution skill

Effects:

Skill attack strength +10 percent

Skill energy consumption -20 percent

Skills in possession

Unique Skills

Tiger hunter- Rank 11, 58 percent

Archery skills- Rank 7, 31 percent

Unique arrow

Exploding arrow

Guided arrow

Strong arrow

Real skills:

Concentration – Rank 1, 0 percent

Special skills

-

Common skill

Cooking- Rank 6, 98 percent

Quick resurrection – Rank 9, 11 percent

The first thing he noticed was how much his energy went up. It went up from 400 to 830 and his resurrection energy increased by 11. His energy increased three times more than last time.

It also meant that his resurrection energy would now take up to just ten minutes to refill. He could manage his skill just fine and nothing much would happen if he didn’t pay too much attention to it. All he knew was that with just one use, his experience would increase.

“That’s really something.” She said in reference to Jaehwang’s inherited skills.

[New meter found.]

-Precaution sense (Unique skill)

Effects:

Skill attack rate + 10 percent

Energy consumption skill – 20 percent

Jaehwang then closed his eyes and tried to relax. He felt something strange from the energy since then. Somehow he felt weaker but it also made him feel free.

Jaehwang looked towards the direction of the barrier and saw the wave of Oaks.

The machine gun was still shooting, he then looked at his fellow soldiers and his face turned blank. He couldn’t let any of them die.

-Spirit?

-Yes?

-We’re going to do something great. Get ready.

-Like what? Wait... you’re going to use the arrow you’ve had set aside all this time, aren’t you?

-Exactly.

Jaehwang replied to the spirit’s question. From then on, Jaehwang decided to think bigger as his skills were already so great.

-Sounds like a plan. I’ll get ready. And also, if you’re going to use it now, I won’t be much of use for other things while we’re preparing. Is that Okay?

-Okay. But can’t you do more now that you have that tiara?

-Well, I guess you’re right. I’ve been getting a lot of energy every day because of it.

Jaehwang had something planned that he had never used before. He never considered it because of its cost. If he used it just one time then the spirit would fall into a deep sleep forever. But that wasn’t all, her strength, all of her magic and herself, would disappear. But now the time has come for him to put it to use.

He couldn’t let the members of the 8th platoon die.

[Incantation]

Jujuju...

Jaehwang surrounded himself with the Red energy that came from his soul, it then went back and completely disappeared.

[Unknown energy increased all strength management by + 1.]

[Unknown energy increased energy by + 1000.]

[Unknown energy increased Resurrection energy rate by 30 percent.]

“Ouch...” Jaehwang said.

He felt a sudden increase in energy. The incarnation took control of both his body and the spirit’s. Through that, they were both able to share their strength and energy, the last time they did it was when they fought to survive in the Alousu.

If it wasn’t for the both of them working together then things wouldn’t have turned out the same. They were much stronger working together than alone.

He then picked up his bow and arrow with a hopeful expression.

-Ready? I’m going to need your help.

-Got it.

The spirit passed him a few strings and he then turned to the platoon members which were in the direction of the Oaks. The spirit was prepared to help so every time he would shoot an arrow, another would magically show up in place of it. He continued to adjust the string while the spirit kept him updated on their condition.

He set its position and focused.

Tuek...

He shot one arrow. It went through the head of the Oak he aimed for and then landed in the foot of the one behind it. Because of all that energy, the flying arrow looked as if it was a laser flying into its foot. The red laser-like trail appeared wherever he aimed.

“Great,” Jaehwang said with a smile as he started to increase his attack speed. It wasn’t long before he reached the speed of light.

Pang pang pang pang!!!

The sound of him pulling string as he launched the arrow made a subtle snapping sound although it wasn’t breaking. His right arm then started to move even faster.

Kwang kwang kwang!!! Pang pang pang!

He consumed his energy as much as he dished out his different arrows. The Oaks were flying all over the place due to explosions from some of it.

His skills were also increasing,

140

210

98

He could see that things were going well at that time. He was gaining a lot of experience as well.

“The gun is overheating!”

“It needs to cool down! Quickly! Turn the speed down a little!”

“On it!”

“Ugh, darn these Oaks!”

Lots of Oaks were dying but there were still a whole lot more to deal with. The machine guns had already been put to a halt. It was fine but if it continued to shoot like that for any longer, it would be left in terrible condition. They needed to let it rest so they had to use something else.

“Peji! Do we have any other guns?” Joonghwi yelled.

“I think so!” Peji replied.

“Here’s one!” One of the platoon members shouted back.

The Oaks were still coming closer and they were running low on firepower. They were running out of time.They had to get explosives and perception censers.

Joonghwi then started to worry because of the machine gun situation but he quickly got a hold of himself and went to a different military bus next to them. The Oaks had gained some speed because they had to decrease their firepower.

“This is getting impossible!”

They underestimated the Oaks. They could have wiped them out if they stood in a single place but the problem was this wasn’t like the ones they had hunted before. They all focused their firepower at their center but it seemed to just make them stronger.

“The range is 980 meters! We could pierce through their armor!”

He shouted, telling them the range of the laser.

One kilometer... It seemed like an amazing range but it seemed too good to be true. That’s was like the top speed for a third tier hunter. It was slow compared to the Oaks’ top speed but if they continued to move as they are, they would be much faster. He wouldn’t be surprised if he heard the news to retreat because if they wouldn’t, he’s sure that they would get overrun by a wave of Oaks.

“500 meters! If we let them get closer then we’ll lose everything and Justin point will be destroyed. So, focus on your responsibilities! Peji! Tell the control tower to change courses after 500 meters!” Joonghwi shouted.

“Yes, sir...”

Peji replied in a hesitant tone. Changing courses could lead to terrible assumptions causing prompt decisions, accidents and possibly, a felony. Therefore, he didn’t think that it was a good idea. He wanted to listen to Joonghwi’s orders but, he also didn’t want to see the platoon members die.

“Hyejin! Update us every 50 meters!”

“Got it! 850 meters! 800 meters! 750 meters!” Hyejin continued to keep them updated.

They almost reached their destination. They tried to resist the urge to push the Oaks away but it was no use. Their colleagues were running them over and blood was everywhere. Just when all the platoon members were all thinking about retreating they heard Hyejin updates.

“600 meters!... Huh? 600 meters? 600 meters! What’s going on with this thing? It’s stopping.”

Hyejin said, confused and wondering if she made a mistake in the range measurements.

“What is it?”

There weren’t any other attacks that had been issued on Justin point but the Oaks had stopped as if they had met a seawall. Joonghwi looked through the binoculars to see what was going on. The Oaks limbs and heads were flying through the air due to explosions.The green sparkle in their eyes was frightening... However, there were a shower of arrows falling unto them. They fell onto their heads causing the Oaks to collapse and die.

“Arrows?!”

Hyejin said in a surprised voice as she looked over to Joonghwi. It looked like rain but it was all arrows. There were hundreds of arrows flying through the sky.

“Who could it be!”

The machine gun was still shooting at low power but it wasn’t making much a difference when the arrows started to come in. Joonghwi then put on the binocular to see where the arrows were coming from. He found the source and it was their old co-leader, Jaehwang.

“Those stupid monsters...”

“What is he doing!”

DalJeon yelled in surprise as he watched him launch his arrows. Joonghwi was amazed as well, he thought that they prepared so much for that long distance attack.

“Idiots.” He mumbled to himself without noticing.

But that’s how he actually felt. He just quickly played it off even though someone could have heard him. He seemed like a daring beginner hunter.

“Huh?”

They all watched in awe. He started off shooting slowly and was soon shooting at the speed of light. It was something that they’ve never seen before.

“Wow...”

They were speechless. He had created a hell of falling arrows just for the Oaks.

An Evolution 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 85: Attacking The Oaks




Attacking The Oaks

“Unbelievable!”

He said in awe. This wasn’t planned for their video. Everything was being filmed on his action cam but it was still unbelievable even though he was seeing it with his own eyes. There’s no way that he was a beginner.

Tingting...

Jaehwang quickly connected the string and pulled it to begin shooting arrows once again. He changed the string in a total of ten seconds, he didn’t even check to make sure it was fastened perfectly.

-You’re doing so much.

-That’s good.

The lines were especially hot. There was a special line that the spirit gave him. At the end of the string was a giant shield protecting him from the Oaks that were coming towards them. Jaehwang continued to shoot arrows, aiming at them with a sharp gaze.

He was then passed another arrow.

“Strong Guided Arrow!”

Pang!

The arrow exploded, making a loud noise around where Jaehwang and DalJeon were. The Oaks then held up their shields to try to protect themselves.

There was an Oak with a shield that was sturdier and bigger than the others. They were stronger compared to the Oaks but that line could be crossed easily if the Oaks had weapons. Their shields were also doing a really good job protecting them from their attacks.

The Oaks then shouted as they continued to approach their destination. Their legs were terribly injured and the shields were failing but they used their healings skills to move on.

After hearing their shrieks, they could sense their threatening movements. They were quickly heading towards them like lightning.

“Fire!”

The Oaks smirked and raised their shields over their entire body. They were effortlessly blocking the attacks and all of the high ranked monsters remained unharmed.

They were very confident in themselves.

A bolt of lightning then fell down and struck them three times with its glowing line stemming from the skies.

Pang!

The arrows were about to reach them so they hid in their shields but it was no use. It was all exploding arrows.

+140

+8900...

-That was great. If you continue to do well then your rank will go up.

He continued to shoot with determination glowing from his eyes. He was usually as good as a level 2 or 3 hunter but he saw that he had leveled up in the status window and he was now stronger than he was used to be.

They boasted their high defense but they knew that they still had to be careful because they recognized that there were skilled hunters on the side of humans as well.

Jaehwang was currently at level 9, rank C. Just one more level and his rank would go up. Leveling up was one of the most important things for a hunter. The higher the level, the better the performance.

-Really? Well, then shall I make that my goal and reach it?

The spirit felt more motivated and handed him more arrows. Jaehwang seemed very determined so she knew exactly what kind of arrows to pass him.

-Pass more effective arrows.

-I was thinking... Nevermind...

There were hundreds of Oaks coming towards them and if they didn’t use a more effective arrow then it would have been difficult to catch them. Since there were so many of them, leveling up wouldn’t be difficult at all.

Teuk teuk...

He adjusted the string for a second time, he checked his hand and then said, “Quick resurrection”

His injured hand was then healed. He had gloves worth 3 million dollars but it wasn’t long before it was torn to pieces. The repair charges would have been much more than its original price.

Click...

He took off the gloves and threw them on the ground. He then put on another pair and prepared himself to shoot once more. Just like the last time, he started off slow.

-Retreat! They’ve planted a bomb. The timer is set to one minute!

“Damn it, when will they come out! Everyone, get on the bus!” Jonnghwi shouted.

“Yes, sir.” They all replied and rushed inside. He put in the key and started the engine just as the time passed.

Whoosh...

The bus quickly took off just in time.

“Great.”

The area blew up with a few pieces of metal flying all over.

“Let’s go!” Joonghwi looked ahead and saw that there were still dozens of arrows attacking the Oaks.

“Thanks.” He said with a smile knowing who was shooting the arrows. Even if it wasn’t Jaehwang, they couldn’t have escaped easily without their help.

“Joonghwi, look out!” One of the platoon members shouted.

“I got it!”

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

Joonghwi stopped the bus 100 meters away from the barrier as a series of explosions started. They could see Oaks flying up into the air due to the explosion but after reaching the ground, they rejoined with the others.

They drove towards the barrier once again.

The wave of Oaks then started running towards the wall. Some of them were about to reach it but a few explosions pushed them back. The human soldiers were still in the process of making the trap for when the Oaks came close.

Kwang Kwang!!

The second explosion erupted. That explosion was much more fatal to the Oaks close to the wall than the last one. They watched the Oaks fly into the air and back onto the ground from the military bus.

“Argh!” Joonghwi groaned as he kept his eyes on the road.

The Oaks that survived that was left in a very critical condition. Even the high ranked Oaks couldn’t save themselves.

The engine of the military bus started to overheat. The explosion had damaged the bus making it very hard to manage and maneuver.

The soldiers in Justin point started launching missiles. The wall blocking them then disappeared and they began to slaughter the Oaks using their firepower without a shred of hesitation.

“Whew...”

Jaehwang stopped with the attacks after the second explosion. He took a breath as he stared at them. His energy quickly came back as exhaustion was no longer his problem since his increase in energy according to what he saw in the status window.

All of his strength increased by + 1, making everything easier than before. It had been a long time since he had shot arrows but it was the first time he had shot arrows like that.

-Can you check the amounts arrows we have left?

-There are 8,291 common arrows left... 23 Teleboard arrows, 41 baby Teleboard arrows... 3,200 arrows with an uncertain type and 48 arrow strings.

We already used about 3000?

-It seems so. Let’s take it easy from now on, okay? We have to save some since we’ll need them in the future.

-Okay. Let’s just use the uncertain types and baby Teleboard arrows.

-Got it. First I’ll go and see what’s going on.

-Thanks.

She went to see if the platoon members escaped and Jaehwang sat down for a rest. The spirit got the arrows and went to check to see what was going on.

DalJeon then carefully walked up to Jaehwang. At first, he thought that he was just a beginner but after seeing what he just did he realized that he was wrong. “Excuse me...”

“Yes?” Jaehwang replied.

“I’m sorry,” DalJeon said as he fell onto his knees. He underestimated him. He was powerful. “I really thought that we’d have to retreat.”

He was a little confused until he realized the truth. He checked his second level hybrid license but that could have been fake. Being in level two meant he had no reason to refuse the mobilization order. If he was a beginner hunter then he wouldn’t have been able to do all of that. The penalty for refusing the mobilization order was severe so beginner hunters couldn’t refuse it.

Of course, Jaehwang did really care about anything like that and what people thought. DalJeon was very surprised to see his true skills as he didn’t know that he was a very high ranked hunter. He was as powerful as the country’s strongest weapons.

He was thinking of asking ‘are you an idiot?’ but after seeing him face those Oaks, he couldn’t get a word out.

“I...” DalJeon nervously reached out his hand to Jaehwang who was kneeling down.

He was feeling extremely nervous that he couldn’t even talk. He didn’t like how the filming came out on camera. He cursed himself why did he have to film so poorly, why did he just stand there in surprise? Nothing was going right for him at this moment.

“I don’t know what’s wrong but, it’s okay,” Jaehwang said.

“This may sound like only an excuse but, I didn’t know you were such a good hunter. I’m really sorry.”

“Haha...” Jaehwang patted DalJeon on the shoulder.

He got scared after seeing the military soldiers and froze in his place but he shook a bit every time Jaehwang touched him.

Jaehwang has gotten a little more used to not wearing his hood but he still feels more comfortable wearing it. So then he looked at him and said, “Really, it’s okay.”

“Ah...” Daljeon then lifted his head and saw Jaehwang take off his hood.

It was the first time he had seen him without it. He was speechless. He gave him a blank stare and a bitter smile as he stood up.

He became hesitant in taking off his hood because of reactions like that. Although his face looked similar to his current one, it definitely had an upgrade since he was born again leading to those reactions that annoyed him the most.

Attacking The Oaks, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 86: Attacking The Oaks 2




He sat next to DalJeon for a moment to rest and he stood up once again.

-Should we take it easy?

-We can try.

The spirit then smiled and handed him another arrow.

“Lightly...” Jaehwang started to shoot without the help of the spirit.

Although Jaehwang was very strong on his own, he had no other skills besides being a Gagseog. There were times that he would be unable to do his best just because he couldn’t control his skill properly.

-Is everything going great?

-There’s nothing new so calculating should be easy.

The arrows landed effortlessly as Jaehwang’s attacks got faster and faster.

Swoosh... Pong!

A big arrow flew towards him but it hit the wall instead. It was quite strong, he could have gotten injured but it slipped right through him. He then turned his head towards it and stared at it in surprise.

-Isn’t it amazing how that arrow flew over here?

He said to the spirit.

-Thank goodness you dodged it, you could have died...

She sighed.

-Yeah...

He replied. He almost got injured but that was all, it wasn’t all too serious. Nothing could scare him anymore after all that training he received from his father.

-Who launched it?

-Maybe someone like me.

They then looked over to the suspect and saw a long string coming from out of him. There were hundreds of Oaks lined up about one kilometer away from them. It was an Oak wearing a full-faced leather helmet and he aimed his arrow towards the people at Justin point. He shot a few towards Jaehwang’s direction and pulled the string once again.

-Since he sent us a present, we should repay him.

-Hey, be nice...

-He seems quite strong, let’s raise the limit.

-Got it.

Pang!

“Unique arrow!” Jaehwang launched an arrow in his direction.

Pong!

He screeched as the arrow went into his eyes. The monster then collapsed onto the ground with his helmet overflowing with blood.

+2300

-Hm...

Jaehwang was a little surprised. He killed his target and the experience that he got made it look like as if he took down a fourth tier monster.

-He must have thought that because he had a special skill then he could easily protect himself.

The spirit scoffed.

-Haha... It could have been a wild ginseng.

-Ah, thanks for reminding me about food, we should probably step down a eat.

Maybe he had just a handful of experience because of the attack but he was doing a great job. The arrow he was using used a lot of energy and was faster than usual. However, if he learned to control his strength from now then everything would go fine.

“Argh!”

“Careful!”

“Shielders! Protect the archers!” The Oak leader shouted as their strongest archer collapsed and screamed in pain.

Teuk!

The Oaks followed his orders and begin to shield their archer.

“We can’t sacrifice any more soldiers.” One of them shouted.

They tried to gather the oaks who had a knack for archery specifically for this battle but it didn’t go as well as they expected it to be. There were just a few of them and they weren’t even as skilled as the humans that they wanted to beat.

Swoosh... Pong...

“Argh!”

“No!”

Another arrow flew through the air and hit their archer. The shields were useless. It didn’t look so powerful but they were still incredibly anxious. Though the arrows took out most of them. It looked like it was passing through their shields and going directly at them.

“Focus on attacking!”

Teuk teuk teuk!

They tried even harder to protect themselves and others as they couldn’t risk any more sacrifices. They then followed the leader’s orders and focused on attacking.

“Argh... That stupid human archer...” He mumbled to himself as he watched the human on the rooftop. He made that empty building look like a watchtower.

“That stupid human! Kill him.” One of the Oaks said as he watched Jaehwang shoot his arrows.

The severe human invasion had gone on for 20 years. The Oaks had been suffering from their arrows since then. They had to find a safe place to survive and live quietly.

Because of the human’s wide range of powerful weapons, they were unable to fight back and so the Oaks began to revalue archery on their side as well. They thought that they won’t have an edge in battle if they didn’t develop that skill just humans.

Although they didn’t have any devoted young talented archers, they began to train many of them and they all gathered together to join their campaign.

The Oaks soon continued to practice it and they soon established an entire unit of archers. It was all worth it. The cavalry and the infantry troops were their most capable soldiers and the presence of their archers made them stronger.

They got the archery arrows and bows that humans had used and practiced. All of their hard work had seemed to be paying off during that battle but...

“Get ready for the attack!:

Deudeudeuk!

They saw Jaehwang launch an arrow.

“Look out!” One of his loyal soldiers jumped in front of him to block the shot and luckily, the arrows passed right by him.

‘Wow... That was fast!’

The arrows looked slow at first glance, they practiced a lot so they could avoid them and that’s how they survived so far. Although it was easy for some of them, they could still make a mistake.

Swooshh! Pong!

One of the Oaks bravely took the shot that opened a huge hole in his stomach.

“Ah!” He screamed in pain.

Did he scream because he had managed to save his king? No, he screamed because he felt the metal digging right through him.

Teuk teuk teuk.. Pong pong pong!

One of the monsters who covered himself in leather got shot down. Blood was splattered all over the ground.

“This is a little intense...” One of the monsters said as he witnessed how their battle turned out. It turned out to be worse than what they expected.

“Uh...” The one who was shouting ‘fire!’ before was left speechless. He could barely hold his breath when he looked down at his soldier who got shot down. Blood was all over him but he did his best to stay alive.

“I...” He was having trouble speaking with an arrow sticking out of him.

“Argh...” One of the soldiers kneeled beside him once he noticed that he was struggling to make even the faintest sound.

“Leader!” One of them shouted as he noticed his presence.

“Sir!” The dying soldier yelled and the last thing that he saw was another arrow flying towards him.

+6,754

-Oh... Of course, those big strong ones must have lots of experience.

-Yeah.

The spirit replied to Jaehwang as he continued to make his arrows rain.

The Oaks archers looked strong because they packed a lot of muscles. He then asked the spirit for unique, exploding and strong arrows. He wasn’t just aiming for their leader, he was aiming for their strongest shoulders. He was looking for the monster that could potentially deal a lot of damage.

-You can do it!

The spirit shouted.

-Thanks!

‘M-monster...’

DalJeon said as he stared at Jaehwang. He had launched many arrows at the speed of light but what surprised him more was his light movements. He lightly and easily avoided the shots coming from the enemy as he continuously returned the favor for their attacks.

Pong pong pong pong pong!

He was shooting arrows like a canon. It was a loud sound that the entire neighborhood could hear.

DalJeon saw an arrow coming towards Jaehwang and shouted, “Look out!”

“Huh?”

Pong...

“Ahgh...” The impact left a small crack on the helmet of his cover suit. He could have gotten shot in the head if it weren’t for that.

“Be careful.”

“Got it,” Jaehwang replied.

Jaehwang was keeping him safe. He was still scared but DalJeon stood up and said, “A-amazing...”

He had a mix of dirt and water on the palms. The place where Jaehwang’s arrows had landed looked like hell. The Oaks had a safe location to hide but Jaehwang’s exploding arrows reached them.

“I didn’t know that there were people like him here in Justin point,” He mumbled. It was still flooded with Oaks but the beauty of Justin point was not gone. If they keep up their efforts then it would be sure that they would win.

“Huh?” A cloud of dust soon started to appear at the end of the horizon. There can’t see much since it was too big. Jaehwang then asked, “What’s going on?”

They saw the military bus. Actually, there were twenty military buses driving at full speed and they ran all over the Oaks blocking their path. If they had received news of the attack later than that, they wouldn’t have found the way. DalJeon was then surprised but not because of that.

“Why are they coming this way?” Jaehwang asked.

They were supposed to be on their way through a safe gate to escape but it looked like they decided to return to Justin point in the middle of the fight. DalJeon had no idea on what was going on. If the gate was blocked then they could have told them through the radio.

“Could the gate have already been closed?” DalJeon asked himself. That was so fast. Although the gates had been closed, it had a great defense that could rival Justin point. It had been protected for so many years but reality broke more than their expectations. “Those idiots, they should have just went to hide.”

The Oaks were still crawling around the place but the gate wasn’t a simple position that they could just abandon. It was dangerous but they couldn’t just run and hide.

DalJeon then realized their reason and regretted calling them ‘idiots’.

But he wasn’t the only one with regrets, everyone in Justin point fighting against them then realized they had made a big mistake.

Attacking The Oaks 2, The End.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 87: Occupied




[Experience point renewed.]

Name: Jeon Jaehwang Rank C 10/9 Level 800,000/800,850exp [Level Up]

-Did I just ranked up?

-Good work.

Jaehwang looked at his progress with relief. He finally took another step towards his goal. The time it takes for a hunter to level up could maybe leave a hunter in a defenseless state but, it has already been updated and they could now use it to level up freely.

-Thanks.

-You finally got to rank B huh?

-Yeah....

Now that he had leveled up, he increased from rank C to rank B.

This level up was different from usual. It now meant that he would have to gain much more experience to level up. He had a hard time finding things to fill his experience but he was only able to do so thanks to his time with the military and the platoon. His progress wouldn’t be that slow if he were to be compared with other hunters.

-Looks like you’ve gotten so much stronger.

-I don’t know.

From rank F to rank C, the spirit would tell him how strong he had gotten every time he leveled up.

-Okay, now I can fight GwanJae and win.

His match against Gwanjae was the first thing he could think of after leveling up. Jaehwang probably didn’t think about it but, he shouldn’t doubt GwanJae’s conscious state.

GwanJae.... He was the only ruler for the past 60 years. He would estimate that he was already fully leveled up. The usual types of hunters you could run into was level 5 or 6 but GwanJae was clearly much stronger than them.

He was leveled up completely. He had lots of experience hunting monsters, his attacks were strong and he was highly skilled overall. However, the hunters’ level couldn’t be exposed by their outside appearance, if so, then they would be risking their lives due to of all the danger it would cause.

Although they would openly talk with others about their levels. They would also fight against each other to test and boast about their strength but unfortunately, many hunters had died because of that and so they eventually stopped telling each other their ranks.

That also caused the standard of information sharing to be established through each countries. The system was also established so hunters could use more objects with their battle skills than just relying purely on their levels.

Now on with the story, Jaehwang took a deep breath and heard the voice of the spirit.

-You have gotten very strong.

-Huh? What do you mean?

-Maybe it’s because you defeated that Oak leader.

A string then started to form from his eye. It was quite long and there was a red string at the end of it. He saw a fancy red throne made of skeletons with a skull on top inside of it.

-As expected, the usual.

The Oak sitting in the chair wasn’t so big and strong. It was wearing black leather armor that was torn causing it to reveal his torso. His right arm was especially covered black...

-It’s the Oak King... do you think you can hunt him?

-I don’t know, maybe..? It looks like it won’t be easy. He’s really far away so I can’t really judge his abilities but he seems to be very strong.

He said to the spirit nervously. Trying to hunt the king would definitely be very dangerous, he had to be very cautious.

-How much healing energy do you have left?

-I’m almost running out.

-Really? Well then, this time, just shoot everything with one shot.

Jaehwang took a deep breath and began loading his arrows. He was about to go against the Oak King and he was preparing for his most powerful attack yet. If possible he wanted to study the final step of his archery training but that was still a little out of his range. He only completed three steps so far.

“Silence...”

[Silent hunter skill activated.]

He broke through the speed of sound which seemed to be unreachable to him before. He could now hear the sound of the arrow flying ripping through the air with the help of his silent hunter skill.

“The unique arrow and the exploding arrow...”

Swoosh... Pang pang pang...

A whirlwind of energy started to generate inside of Jaehwang. The whirlwind of energy came out of him and bundled into the arrow that he launched.

With these skills and the spirit’s, all of their condensed strength turned and started flashing as it shone with a red light.

“Strong arrow!”

Swoosh....

It was soundless but it made a gigantic sonic boom as it flew by with a gust of wind.

-That was everything... Now we’ll just wait and see...

The spirit said with an exhausted tone, she had given it her all just like what he asked for.

“Phew...”

He couldn’t relax yet. He could still feel the impact inside of him from all of the shots he had made. Launching everything at once took a lot more than he had thought. He kneeled to his knees due to the pain as he couldn’t bear to stand on his feet anymore.

And then, he saw an arrow flying towards his eyes.

“Huh?”

The king sat on his throne as he stared at Justin point. The arrows that Jaehwang had launched were flying at him at full speed.

“Go!”

The other strong Oaks rushed to his side to protect him from the attack. They were holding giant battle axes and were prepared to risk their lives to protect him but, the king then said something unexpected.

“Move.”

Pang!Teuk!!! Pang pang pang!

The oaks immediately moved out of the way. They saw the arrows coming closer and closer so they took out their weapons just in case.

“This will be fun.”

The arrow flew over his head but his facial expression was unchanged.

He caught the flying arrows with his hand that was covered in leather armor and he absorbed all the energy that was put in it.

Pang! Jiijiiji...

“This is a bit trickier than I thought.” He sat still in his place and looked at the arrow that he had just caught. “It’s small...”

The arrow was extremely small. It wasn’t as big as arrows usually were but it was clearly very strong.

“This human might even give me a challenge.” He said and the Oaks around him raised their weapons ready to protect him at all costs.

The king didn’t seem to be angry at all. He was a little disappointed but he knew that it could guarantee their victory if they destroyed the person who shot that arrow.

“We have to prepare...”

Kwang kwang kwang!

“Looks like it has begun.”

The arrows flew down with sharp and glowing red tips.

“Ugh! This... What is this!” The shot shook the floor and caused DalJeon to fall over.

He could see that Justin point was now filled with smoke and flames, it was like he could sense all the danger that it gives.

“What about over there?” DalJeon shouted as the flames grew higher.

There was an explosion on the other side of Justin point.

They saw six generators over in the same area. There were a few generators in the basement where some of their energies were stored but those spares were now engulfed in flames.

The fire was being put out by highly skilled firefighters but it soon grew bigger. All of the weapons being operated in Justin point were stopped and unfortunately, that wasn’t the only problem.

-Hey! What is this guy doing?!

- The Samjeon church followers are here! This is an emergency!

-Those Bileons!

There was nowhere left to run, the church of Bileons were starting to get brutally attacked. Something unbelievable then happened.

“W-what are we going to do?...”

Justin point was suffering. Although many hunters went and left frequently, Justin point had supercomputers and had many guards to examine the CCTV.

An unlucky thought came to DalJeon’s mind. He then lifted his head and looked at the sight of all the Oaks before them. While looking in that direction, he saw 20 military buses coming their way. They were mowing everything in their path and they had no signs of slowing down. They were driving in a neat line but they had quite a distance away from each other.

The others fixed the emergency generators and restored the base’s firepower in just a span of five minutes while the military buses continued to move.

“It’s dangerous here...” DalJeon ran to the side to take cover.

He had a hunch on what was going to happen but he felt like he could have been wrong. He started running faster but then, he saw Jaehwang.

“Over there!”

Jaehwang was standing on one knee, he kept his focus but he didn’t see anything until he heard him shouting, “Quick, look out!”

Daljeon ran over to Jaehwang and pulled him out of the way. That wasn’t the first time he had to save him.

The ground was shaking.

Jaehwang had gotten attacked. It was like his skin was in flames. He felt extremely weak.

“Ahhh!” DalJeon screamed when he saw a fragment of the arrow stuck in his arm.

He wanted to die at that moment. He had no motivation left in him and he was starting to tear up. Justin point turned out to be a disaster. Another explosion shook the ground and this time, it felt close. He thought that the would die and the only way for him to feel relieved was by sticking with Jaehwang.

He started to calm down. He felt protected knowing that he was a very skilled hunter.

Pang pang pang....

“Argh!” Jaehwang screamed in pain as he stepped back.

-Take him somewhere safe and be careful!

DalJeon heard spirit talk as he looked down at Jaehwang. Jaehwang was in a much more severe condition than he was. He was surrounded by a cloud of black smoke and his consciousness seemed to be unstable at the moment. His head was slightly moving around as if he was about to faint.

-Let’s go!

DalJeon said to Jaehwang as they crawled down the stairs in an attempt to avoid being seen and attacked. DalJeon and Jaehwang were almost down all of the stairs when another huge explosion erupted over them.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

There were Oaks flying everywhere due to the explosion.

“Is this the last area to search out?”

“Let’s check the military zone too!”

“We have to find it! We’ll search the entire place!”

They split and went to different directions following the sounds of sharp screams. With sharp knives in both hands, the Oaks continued to walk ahead and stabbed everyone that they meet.

Fortunately, the people who were stabbed weren’t dead and were just injured. Someone who was just watching then got up from their seat and disappeared.

All they could do was watch as the Oaks tore their place to pieces.

Tuek teuk...

They then heard footsteps coming their way. They looked to see what it was and they saw the Oaks. There were hundreds and thousands of them. They heard their screams coming from everywhere. There were lots of hunters in Justin point but they couldn’t be compared to the amount of the Oaks in front of them. They rampaged everything in their path as they marched together.

“Welcome....” A man holding a knife entered the scene together with a woman who had many strings of light coming out of her body.

She tended the injured along with the pile of dead oaks around her. The other oaks saw that sight as well as they slowly passed by.

“Nothing will be able to get through to this place,” She said with a smile.

Occupied, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 88: Friend Dongchul




Jaehwang got up from his bed and he still felt half asleep. He wasn’t hurt or anything but his entire body felt weak.

He then looked around with a surprised expression. He found himself in a room inside of Gwanjae’s mansion.

He looked out the window and saw a white flurry of snow flying through the air. The blaze of the sun didn’t look so dull like the one he had in the Alousu.

“Looks like I’m back.”

He then remembered about what happened with the Oaks at Justin point and how he returned back to earth.

“It was because of that explosion.”

He remembered being covered by a giant explosion during his fight it the oaks. It was insanely strong and it had affected everything. The spirit shouted something during all of that chaos but Jaehwang forgot what it was.

Now, he had woken up in this place and it was also strangely quiet.

-Spirit?

Usually, when he wakes up, the spirit would have said something by then but it was completely quiet. He started to get worried.

“Spirit! Where are you?!” Jaehwang yelled. The spirit had been by his side for the past few years and he couldn’t imagine being without her. They had a lot of fights but as they spent more time together, she became a part of Jaehwang’s life. It felt like he would miss a part of himself if she were to be gone.

-Ah... Keep it down. I was just sleeping.

The spirit replied with a tired tone.

“Phew...” Jaehwang sighed. For a moment he thought that she had disappeared.

-What do you need me for?

-Just worry about it later... I’m too tired to talk right now.

-Okay.

Jaehwang then kept quiet.

-How’s the energy refill?

-Already done, I can use most of my energy now.

-Great.

-Go back to sleep, you could die if you don’t get enough rest.

The spirit said. Jaehwang was still recovering from the panic he was feeling before. Looks like he couldn’t ask her about what happened at the end of their fight with the oak army. Maybe they succeeded and he was in the mansion for no reason.

It didn’t seem like they were having much success with the fight. Jaehwang was deep in thought and the door to the room suddenly opened.

“Rumi.”

The person who opened the door was Rumi, one of Gwanjae’s loyal servants. She was wearing spotless white clothes and her makeup was very light but flawless, her hair was also neatly tied up into a ponytail.

She already knew what he was thinking so she nodded her head before asking, “Are you feeling okay, are you hurt?”

“I’m okay.”

“That’s a relief. You were in a very bad condition when they found you, Gwanjae was very upset and angry about it too so we brought you here to rest.”

“I see. I’m sorry... ” Jaehwang gave her a polite bow.

Jaehwang apologized for the inconvenience since he knew that Gwanjae wasn’t easy to cooperate with when he’s angry. Even if he was fine now, he wouldn’t simply feel better.

“It was only a mission.” Jaehwang looked over towards the window of the room with a bitter smile.

“What should we do...There’s still a lot left to do.”

Rumi shook her head and agreed with him. She then walked into the room towards the table and Jaehwang followed along. They talked for some time. She mentioned that Jaehwang had been there resting for a total of three days.

“Seems like things were crazy,” Jaehwang said.

“Yeah. Samjeon church members and the Oaks were really destroying Justin point and the dimension gate was shutting down.

“Samjeon church...”

The light was then shed onto the whole story. Jaehwang passed out because of an explosion caused by the church followers. He wasn’t sure what kind of explosives could have been used but it caused the military buses to crash.

Jewhwang wasn’t sure how but they seemed to have successfully aimed for the base of Justin point before the explosion. The base was very well made but it has been around for too long and sustained so much damage during the attack. They were able to succeed with a plan full of hatred. It would take a lot to repair Justin point and get it back to the way it used to be.

He then suddenly thought about what happened at the giant footprint. Joonghwi also talked about them having a spy who worked for the enemy.

“Do you know if anyone survived? Or who escaped? Especially from soldiers.” Jaehwang asked.

“There could be some but they are nowhere to be found at the moment.”

Jaehwang was speechless. It was a disappearance and not a sacrifice. It must have been difficult for all those soldiers.

“I see.” He was then buried in his thoughts.

“But, with the soldier’s sacrifices, the secrets of that hunter base were kept safe.” Rumi replied.

“The hunters didn’t sacrifice that many.”

“I see. So they operated the emergency escape on their own, right?”

“Ah, DalJeon was also there during the fight,” Jaehwang said and Rumi nodded her head in reply.

“Ah, so he’s the one who brought you to safety. He’s in great condition. He was fully healed and he could tell us exactly what happened.”

“He... helped me?”

“Yes. When he saw that you were in a terrible condition he helped you evacuate the scene.”

He was Jaehwang’s savior. If it wasn’t for him then he could have died.

“Do you know how I could contact him?”

“You could talk to him tomorrow,” Rumi answered.

“Thanks.” Jaehwang became buried in his thoughts once again as he thought about how it all happened.

The Oaks could possibly have dominated Justin point.

But that wasn’t a simple problem. The real problem was that they would have to take the chance to suggest a new Korean hunter system raid paradigm and change everything completely about the worldwide monster guidelines.

Humans and all other species would have to come together. They would also have to collect the information of the Samjeon Church Bileons all over again from the beginning.

There was something Rumi said that caught Jaehwang’s attention the most. “And... Your friend woke up a few days ago.”

“Ah...” Jaehwang’s eyes then opened in surprise hearing that his friend had woken up.

“He’s in a much better condition than he was when you first bought him here. It’s just that...”

“Just what?”

“I don’t know why but, he still hasn’t spoken a word.”

“I understand. I have to see him right now. Ah... my grandfather...”

“Gwanjae is currently in a conference related to this situation.”

“Okay.”

He wanted to see his grandfather first but he was busy so he decided to visit Dongchul first which was okay for him as well. Jaehwang and Rumi then arrived in Dongchul’s hospitalization treatment center inside the mansion. They opened the door and there was a guy sitting and staring out of the window. He turned his head to the door as soon as it opened, he was surprised at what he saw.

He still had his visible muscles but he was so pale as if he hadn’t seen the sun in days, his face also looked unkempt as it was full of facial hair.

“W-who are you?”

“I don’t think he has speech-impairment.” Jaehwang carefully and slowly walked to Dongchul. Rumi then nodded her head and left, leaving just the two of them in the room. Dongchul didn’t remember him at all. He just stared and him with a confused look.

“Are you the one who helped me?”

“Yes.”

“How?”

“It’s a bit of a long story, it’s not important right now.”

“Oh, okay.”

“How are you feeling?”

“....” Dongchul just lowered his head without a word.

“Do you remember everything that happened?”

He then slightly moved his head. At that moment, Jaehwang suddenly moved.

Pang

Jaehwang punched Dongchul in his face. Dongchul then rolled off of the bed and onto the floor.

“Are you out of your mind, what was that!?” Dongchul shouted.

“You don’t have a speech impairment. Even your reaction now was just normal.” Jaehwang then attacked him again with a body slam.

Dongchul was unable to dodge or fight back so he just stood there in pain. Any normal person in that position would most likely be handicapped.

“My injuries are reacting normally too...” Jaehwang mumbled.

“Cut it out!” Dongchul coughed and shouted, “I said stop it.”

Jaehwang then stopped and dusted off his hands after he stood up. Sometimes the typhoon will rage through and create chaos.

“Ha...Idiot.” Dongchul mumbled to himself with an angry look on his face and he got up and sat on his bed.

“My mind and body his all healed an instant. Why did you do that?”

“What do you mean?”

“Whatever, you idiot,” Dongchul replied with a smile on his face. Rumi came back into the room to check and see what all the noise was.

“Everything’s fine,” Jaehwang said and Rumi left again. Jaehwang then sat in a chair next to the bed and said, “Tell me everything. From the beginning to the end...”

Jaehwang demanded. Dongchul was silent for a little but he soon started to speak.

“Are you strong?”

“?”

Dongchul asked out of the blue. He had already proven his strength for so many times. He stared at Jaehwang as if he knew something but he just scratched his head in confusion.

Things between them clearly weren’t like it used to be, Jaehwang didn’t even hesitate to attack him. He didn’t even seem bothered by it. That was the side of Jaehwang that he didn’t show to others.

“I need to think about it for a little.”

“I won’t interrupt, think about it and then tell me everything,” Jaehwang said as he kept him in his eyes. He wanted to know how he became a part of the church. He couldn’t have ever been able to kill him.

“I know, I know. I.... I don’t know. However, I can tell you the details from when I trained and became a Gagseog.” Dongchul then started to talk.

He said that he received a high rank after his training and transformation. He became one of the best hunters. The only problem that he had was the skills he received which were [Superhuman strength-Special skill] and [Recovery skill-Real skill].

They were really good and powerful passive skills as expected from their high rank but he was having side effects because of it.

However, Dongchul was hiding that fact. The reason was simple, It was because he originally went into the army without knowing anything in advance. Therefore, the conspicuousness was not revealed. After that, he was able to smoothly enter into the army missions. His ordinary life was then swept away.

The problem was his temper. Getting a hold of him was like trying to catch a mouse. In the beginning, it was a bit much but the skill’s impact was unexpected strong. He would joke around with his skills. He didn’t mention anything about having a platoon. He did mention that he would join in on tormenting others for information.

Things were difficult for a while and he said that he didn’t intentionally join in on tormenting others. He also said that hunting down a monster was more difficult and dangerous than he had expected.

Many people died in that place everyday and in that place, he was able to use the skills that he had received.

But he still had a hard time with the fact that his coworkers were always dying. He couldn’t deny the fact that he was getting stronger and stronger in that place. He learned how to control the skills he had and after one year, he became an expert and earned number one rank. He was even nominated for a higher position.

“You were apart of the Daehyeon group?”

“Yes. Someone in the Daehyeon group scouted me and offered me a chance.”

“Were you possibly affiliated with the army?”

“Yes and at the same time, I also received a task and I got support from other members.”

He mentioned that he was put in charge of a mission. The missile on the South side was from a group that he was a part of.

“And... because there was a really good chance that no one would never know about what went on there, they didn’t tell a lot of people about it. However, A group of special investigators apart of the Daehyeon group soon found out about it.

“...” Dongchul took a sip of water in a dented metal cup.

Friend Dongchul, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 89: Friend Dongchul 2




Jaehwang was quite surprised.

If he was apart of the Daehyeon group then that means that he was in that place. The place where he met Sooji once again. What made him even more surprised was the vicious acts that the Daehyeon group were responsible for. The company was shunned a couple of million times by society but, was that it?

Equipment expenses were a lot to handle. Through the ammunition industry, the monster part of the company had gained an international level of fame and it fell into becoming a multinational business.

“Is there anything else you want to know.”

“At the same time, the expenses for the mine is being inserted but it looks like they secretly contacted the followers of the Samjeon church during their computations. Even though it was foolish, that has been reported to our superior officers.”

“Was that really the Daehyeon group?”

The least he could do was tell him the truth. “It’s all true. I was recruited along with dozens of other hunters. But... Now that’s all over...”

“Dozens of people?”

“Yes. Others were trained by the church. Isn’t that how it works?”

“What do you mean?”

“People were studying the new Gagseog procedure. The standard method is now much stronger than it used to be...”

Things had started to change all around the world for hunters taking the standard procedure. The only thing that you would need to take it was money but if there was a chance that you’re born with it then things would be so much simpler.

The side effects have been removed but the probability of the surgery to be successful still sits at 50 percent. There was a 20 percent chance of death and the remaining 30 percent was to live in between the lines of a human and a monster.

The procedure was dangerous and it needed to be managed carefully. The Daehyeon group are secretly studying on how to raise that probability.

“Is there someone that knows this?”

“You’re the first person to learn about this”

“Darn it...” Jaehwang said as he stood up from his seat. If what he said was true, then theres a chance that it could be stopped.

Dongchul then said, “But, there’s something more important than that.”

“What?” He couldn’t think of anything that could be more important than that... Could Korea be joining hands with the Bileons?

Dongchul hesitated for a moment. This was actually the reason he wasn’t speaking in the first place. He was also at first, surprised when he woke up here.

First, he was controlled by the Samjeon church, then, he was suddenly in Gwanjae’s mansion and now, he’s talking to his old friend Jaehwang.

It felt like a strange fate along with the fact that he was completely healed. He also wondered how his friend had any connection with Gwanjae.

After everything that he’s said, Jaehwang couldn’t believe how much his friend had changed. Everything was silent as Jaehwang waited for Dongchul to speak. It seemed hard for him to speak but then, he did.

“Jaehwang, don’t be surprised about what I’m going to say. I’m not supposed to tell you this but... The Daehyeon group took part in your parent’s death.”

“What?” Jaehwang was barely able to get the words out of his mouth. He should be mad but he just stood in his place. He couldn’t believe what he had just heard. “What are you talking about?”

“The Daehyeon group took part in the accident that caused your parent’s accident...”

“What do you mean?”

“They committed that crime?” He didn’t want to believe it but no matter how he thought about it... it made sense. However, there was a little denial within that realization. He just couldn’t believe it. Did Sooji know that too? Was she a part of the accident? Could she be a part of his parent’s death?

He had to be joking but it didn’t sound like a joke at all.

“How do you know that?” Jaehwang continued to ask.

“I shared with a room with a guy who knew about it. He used to help the group with their evil acts but the day before it occurred, I had to confess everything and I told them all I knew about you. After that, they told me that they were the reason for your family’s fate... they were testing my trust.”

Jaehwang stood there with a blank expression, his calm demeanor was wearing thin. He then grabbed Dongchuls collar and asked, “Is this all true?”

Anger filled the hospital room.

Titikk...

A glass picture frame hanging on the wall then fell into the floor. It was shattered to pieces. A blue trail of light then started to come out of his eyes. It didn’t look like things were about to go well for Dongchul.

However, Dongchul wasn’t frightened or angry about what was happening. He knew something like this would happen. It was why he hesitated to say anything in the first place. He also knew that his friend wasn’t a murderer.

People had that illusion about him.

He knew that he was actually a reasonable and a nice person. However, he didn’t know this Jaehwang. That was a side of him that he had never seen before.

Tak...

He then let go of his collar and growled, “You better be telling the truth.”

He wanted it all to be just a nightmare. Dongchul then stood up from his bed and walked towards Jaehwang. He was still a little taller than him.

“I can fix it,” He said, showing off his muscles that were very visible. He was, in fact, feeling much stronger and energized after his recovery.

He felt so much better than before. He originally got stronger through his time of training to become a hunter. He’s now in a condition to fight off wild animals and monsters.

“I’m telling the truth. I don’t how you feel right now but I can understand it a little. That’s why I hesitated to tell you at first, but I know that I had to tell you. I went through a lot of pain there and I could never forgive those people.”

“Just as you said, I won’t trigger your hunting sense.” He was shorter than Dongchul but the anger running through him was like a wild beast. Jaehwang was currently still trying to process everything as he still found it unbelievable. He wanted to kill them all.

Death... a horrible death... he was thinking of the cruelest death as possible. He had it all planned in his head. But about his friend Dongchul...

“Sooji was also connected to it. How did you know that?”

“..S-sooji?” If Sooji was directly apart of it then he would definitely be adding her on his hit list. Everything was silent and they just stood in front of each other.

-Why is it suddenly quiet like this?

The spirit startled Jaehwang.

-After hearing everything I... I think you should save your anger for later.

The spirit said and Jaehwang held his anger inside of him until it disappeared. It was as if it got swallowed up by a vacuum.

-Anger... bloodlust... they’re not bad feelings but you should store it all away for now. Think slowly. Anger and killing intentions are not what you need right now.

-...I know. Thanks.

Jaehwang took a deep breath and calmed down. The spirit was right. Anger and murder would only make him just as bad as them. The spirit noticed that the situation was making him cold-hearted but it wasn’t because of Dongchul, it was because of the attention of others.

“Why don’t you stop eavesdropping and just come in?” Jaehwang said and Dongchul looked confused. The door to the room then opened and it was Rumi.

“I wasn’t eavesdropping.”

“It doesn’t matter. Does my grandfather know about this too?” Jaehwang wanted to keep everything between just him and Dongchul but that wouldn’t have helped them in any way.

“Yes, he knows everything, actually, you can contact him now if you want.”

“Thanks. I’ll talk to him when he returns.”

Rumi then left the room and it was once again just him and Dongchul just standing there.

“Let’s go,” Jaehwang said.

“Where?” Dongchul replied.

“I need to warm up a little before Gwanjae comes. I don’t know how much I can trust you but I won’t get rid of you.” Dongchul then smiled. Jaehwang seemed to be just as he remembered him. After his recovery, he still couldn’t do a lot of warming up but he was feeling strong enough to do a little sparring match.

“Okay, let’s go and arrange the ranks again.” Jaehwang led the way as Dongchul followed along behind him.

After one hour...

“Wheu...”

“You’re still not done arranging the ranks?” Dongchul said as he lied on the ground completely out of breath. “Ugh... This idiot.”

Dongchul said as he grabbed onto Jaehwang’s legs to try to stop him but, Jaehwang just ignored him and continued on.

Pong

Dongchul then got off of the ground and stood in front of Jaehwang as if he was protecting him.

The arrow he shot flew unbelievably fast... However, Jaehwang just smiled and disappeared into thin air.

“Hey! Isn’t that enough...” Dongchul yelled as Jaehwang disappeared. “Aren’t you going to play fair?”

Kwang!

Jaehwang came out of nowhere and kicked him in the face and then, he launched an arrow.

Swoosh... pong!

It wasn’t the sparring match he expected.

“Ahh!”

He wasn’t fast enough to dodge the arrow and it already lodged itself on his back. Jaehwang got his feet back on the ground and then, he disappeared once again.

“What’s going on!?”

“Are you using a hiding skill? I thought we weren’t going to fight each other?”

“Isn’t it a little unfair to be fighting this way?!”

He didn’t think that the fight would be like this.

“How am I supposed to fight back!”

Jaehwang kept using a hiding skill along with his sneak attacks. It was possible for Dongchul to fight back but he couldn’t guess where he would appear next. He didn’t have any skill similar or anything that would help.

“Stop being such a coward!” Just then, it felt as if he could feel his hunter senses.

Teuk...

He then pulled an arrow out of his waist and screamed as he lied on the ground. “You should be thanking me for the archery training equipment.”

Friend Dongchul 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 90: Level Up




Jaehwang appeared from a distance where he aimed an arrow at Dongchul, and at the moment he appeared, Dongchul started to run away.

“This again!?”

Swoosh

“Darn it!” Dongchul shouted as Jaehwang slowly and carefully focused on his aim.

Pong...

“Argh!” Dongchul shouted the arrow went into his leg. “Are you trying to kill me!?”

He took a step back and raised his hand towards Jaehwang. If he took it then he could stop his stealth skill. He also thought about just breaking his arms and legs. But that wouldn’t be easy. He had to think of the perfect plan.

There was another arrow sticking out of Dongchul’s forearm, he pulled it out and threw it onto the floor. He felt weak and tired but he didn’t just stand there for long. He then grabbed the arrow from out of his leg and got something to block off the shots.

Dongchul smirked.

Jaehwang then realized that he needed to change his method of attacking as Dongchul had found an advantage.

“Looks like you’ve learned a lot from Gwanjae.” Dongchul said.

Jaehwang then threw Dongchul high into the air and dropped him. Since his arm was a little weak it might have broke that after that attack. “I don’t know how injured you are right now but if you’re weak then you shouldn’t get on a hunter’s bad side.”

Dongchul then stood up while holding his arm in pain and he used his skill to quickly heal himself. It took him a lot of effort considering the condition that he was in. All of the marks that were left from the arrows that got to him had disappeared.

Although all of that was gone, he could still feel a lack in strength. He didn’t feel ready to fight Jaehwang.

“I lose.” Dongchul calmly gave up and Jaehwang shook his head..

“Are you okay?” Jaehwang replied with a concerned tone.

“What, are you really worried considering the way you were shooting those arrows?”

“If I wasn’t worried then I would have shot an arrow into your head.”

“Ha, your so shameless.”

Jaehwang didn’t even seem tired at all. Although he could turn cold sometimes, he was still a very caring friend.

“Anyway! Thanks a lot for letting me live...” Dongchul said with a slight sense of sarcasm as he reached out his hand for help to get up.

“No, thank you for being so good at surviving...” Jaehwang took his hand and helped him up. They then looked at each other and they exchanged a warm smile.

Pong!

Kwang!

An arrow flew right past them and hit into the wall. Jaehwang then had a nervous look on his face as he had forgotten about the sneak attack that he planned.

“So you weren’t gonna tell me about that?”

“I would have but I completely forgot about it...”

Dongchul just looked at Jaehwang for a moment and then, he started laughing.

Jaehwang then smiled in relief. He then thought of the Daehyeon group and that smile instantly disappeared but he then thought about the fact that his friend was now back to normal. That made him feel better.

He then realized what he needed to do in that moment. Just as the spirit said, he needed a level-headed and cold reasoning.

“Dongchul.”

“Huh?”

“Help me out for a second.”

“Okay.”

He noticed that he had leveled up... They both began to walk away side by side. Jaehwang then opened the status window and reviewed his progress.

[Level Up]

Skill Point: 0.25

The Level 10 Procedure has begun.

[Rank Level Up]

Jaehwang found himself covered in a white light. He had increased up to rank B.

-Ability had increased by 1 percent.

-Rank increase bonus.

Ring.

-Analyzing skills.

There were a lot of writings below the translucent status window and a new one showed up, causing three more status windows to appear.

It showed the [Rank Increase Bonus]. There were three choices that could be chosen out of all three.

1. Strength Point +3

2. Skill Upgrade +1

3. Skill Ability Increase 1

Jaehwang chose the second option without any hesitation since he chose the first one before. He and the spirit had to focus on upgrading his physical strength when they were trapped in the Alousu. He was able to survive because of that and now, he needed to upgrade his skills.

Jaehwang remembered that he had to shoot the Oaks with all of his strength. He thought that that kind of strength shouldn’t be held back against those monsters in the future.

[Skill Upgrade]

-Skill Upgrade available. The level of increase would be decided randomly and along with it comes a decrease in your workmanship.

Jaehwang tapped the skill upgrade and was surprised to see how much his archery skill was said to have increased.

[Unique skill upgrade?]

[Warning, After the choice has been made, cancellation cannot be requested.]

[Yes/No] Jaehwang tapped the yes option with no second thoughts.

[Unique archery skill examination in progress.]

[Two skills with similar ranks have been found.]

The two skills then got analyzed.

Archery skills- Rank 7, 31 Percent – > Rank 5, 98 percent

Unique arrow

Exploding arrow

Guided Arrow

Strong arrow

[Skill level – Rank 5 decreased by 98 percent.]

Strong arrow strength has increased.

The increase was then written on the status window.

“Phew..”

The level up completed and all of the white light that was surrounded him disappeared.

“You’re done?” Dongchul asked. Dongchul could easily tell if he had leveled up or not.

“Yea. But wait... There’s a test now.” Jaehwang took a deep breath and got an arrow. There was no thorough explanation about the skill so he had to test it and see what it was like.

Swooshhh...

He could feel the strength of the arrow with both of his hands.

Shortly after he took the shot, a ray of red energy came out of the arrow. Jaehwang watched as the arrow went flying through the air.

Jaehwang knew exactly what kind of energy it was. He remembered seeing it when he was fighting with Gwanjae.

[Upgrade success.]

“W-what is this?”

“...It’s called ‘OS’ in the english-speaking world.”

“OS?” Dongchul said at Jaehwang’s answer.

OS...It was a popular name known for its destructive capabilities. It was something very powerful that lots of high ranked hunters use.

“I see.”

Although it looked very simple when Jaehwang used it, it was not easy to maintain.

The status window then started to close. It wasn’t as energized as the strong arrow he used before but, it needed a lot of energy to maintain. That could affect its use but he still needed to test its power.

“Heads up...”

“What is it?”

“This!”

Pong!

Jaehwang faced a wall and he quickly ducked at the moment he launched an arrow. It had double the force of the previous strong arrow. The new strong arrow had a destructive force on another level compared to what he had before.

Kwangg!!! Pang!

The arrow made a loud noise as it tore down the wall. If it wasn’t a very easy skill to get the hang of then it wouldn’t have been able to leave at least a crack. The powerful arrow made a one diameter hole into the wall.

It was an impressive sight. It looked like a giant monster took a bite out of the wall.

But what was even scarier than that was what was beyond it. There was another building beyond the wall that they could see through the hole. They could even see furniture inside.

“Woah...” They were both shocked at the damage that it dealt. They looked through the metal wall of the training center as they walked closer towards the hole.

“What is this?”

“I have no idea.”

“...Skill.” Jaehwang said with a confused tone and the status window then popped up to show its information. It told him that his abilities and consciousness has increased.

Energy +20

Healing skill +1

Dongchul then asked, “Your had skills increased?”

“Yeah”

“Ugh, I’m so jealous... ” He already knew Jaehwang was an expert in archery but he can’t help to have that feeling.

Jaehwang tilted his head and placed his hand at the back of his head. “Dongchul, hold up your hands.”

“Huh? Why?”

Dozens of people then barged through the door and swarmed into the training room. They were all holding weapons in their hands and one of them shouted, “Put your hands up!”

They saw them pointing their weapons towards the both of them so Dongchul quickly put his hands up and said, “O-okay.”

“Did you hurt any one, Deojun?”

“Mom! No, I didn’t... Mom!”

“Who is your mom!?”

There was a cup of water on a table and on the other side of it was a beautiful lady. The water was spilled on the table and her face but her expression stayed the same. She took out a small towel inside her purse and used it to clean herself up.

“I am not Deojun’s mom.”

The channel on the TV was then changed from the drama that was being broadcasted.

“So, this is your hobby?”

“No...” Dongchul said turning the tv back to some drama.

They were taken to explain the damage that was done to the training center wall and then, they went back to their room. Gwanjae may have already returned but they needed some time to rest so they turned on the tv and the news was on until they changed the channel to where a drama was playing.

“I can’t do this.”

Level Up, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 91: Page One




Jaehwang was irritated by the drama so he walked towards the TV to get the remote.

“I know, this is boring for you isn’t it?” The spirit said.

“Not that.” At first, Jaehwang couldn’t think of a way to explain the spirit to him but then he got an idea and asked the spirit,

-What about that surprising thing?

-Of course! Deojun is not that lady’s son! But then, who really is his mother? ...No way, could it be the housekeeper? If not then could it be the company’s chairman second wife?

The spirit said not knowing about what Jaehwang meant. The moment she saw the drama on the TV, the spirit suddenly came out to watch it. Jaehwang started to feel at ease at it seemed like they were all about to die and the show would be over.

-Does this drama air on Wednesdays and Thursdays?

-I guess...? don’t know.

Jaehwang replied in a bored tone.

-I have to know so I can find it again...

The spirit said and Jaehwang then asked,

-Is there something wrong with the spirit tablets?

-Yes. They broke into a million pieces.

-How did that happen?

Jaehwang asked again. He didn’t understand why the spirit brought that up, he almost gotten swept away in that explosion.

-Hmm... You said that I saved you but I didn’t protect you when you needed help. There was no way that I could save them all you know.

-I guess so... Sorry.

She replied on a sorry note. How everything went wasn’t exactly the problem but if she eventually got hurt due to a miscalculation, then she could be in a lot of danger. Even though the Oaks were strong, they didn’t think they could do so much damage to Justin Point. Obviously, the Samjeon church’s Bileons should be blamed but they should not be that careless.

-It’s okay. If I ever died then that would mean you broke our pact. Hahahaha.

The spirit said.

Jaehwang then started to look even more confused than before. He thought about what he would do without her help. He didn’t know what he would do without her.

-But it’s fine, there’s nothing to worry about.

-What do you mean?

-Well, don’t I have a strange fate too? Here, take this.

An object then suddenly appeared in Jaehwang’s hand. It’s the tiara that the spirit had found.

Bloody mary’s Tiara- Ancient Artifact

Successor: Jeon Jaehwang

Material: Platinum, Diamonds

Special Skill:

Control

Purification

When Dongchul faked his loss of intelligence, the spirit used that artifact and it helped them to distinguish the truth.

-Why are you giving me this?

-Because I don’t need it anymore.

The spirit had accumulated a lot of energy and power, she no longer needs it. She gave it to Jaehwang because she figured that he might still need some extra help sometimes.

-What does it do?

Jaehwang asked and the spirit began to explain.

-It will give you lots of strength and it’ll help to keep us both alive. It also understands the fundamentals of magic.

-Fundamentals?

-Yes. The fundamentals... Don’t ask much since it’ll still be difficult for you to understand. But, I can tell you a little about the purification fundamentals and its improvements. I could now maintain my limit because of that~ Use it as you please but it’s okay if you don’t need it.

-Hm... Huh?

Jaehwang was sold at its use. He didn’t care for its worth but it cost him a lot just to buy a piece of equipment that could help him maintain his energy. He was relieved to have it as he had already spent so much on that so far. He couldn’t imagine having such a rare artifact as that one.

Jaehwang smiled. He couldn’t be angry at the fact of the spirit helping him. It was great that she didn’t need it anymore.

-So I... can I... does it work great?

-Well, you might feel a little bit sleepy when you’re absorbing energy.

The spirit answered casually. He had to worry about his strength but he had that covered.

-Hm... Okay. That’s a relief. But, how good is it with healing? Would it improve what I had before?

-That’s something I wanted to know too but that’s not it. Its efficiency is a bit of a problem.

If I had to explain it, it fuels up the skills that you use and it could improve your average-rate energy and make it greater. However, I don’t know the standard healing rate for it yet.

-I see.

-The tiara is all yours now. It would look cute on you too...

-No thanks.

-Why? You would look so good wearing it.

Jaehwang then looked over to Dongchul.

“What?” Dongcul gave him a confused look.

“Why do you look so nervous?”

“Don’t worry about me, just worry about yourself” Dongchul replied. “What do you mean?”

Jaehwang then smiled and answered, “Be careful of your fate.”

Dongchul felt chills.

Fate? Could he find it at the bottom of the cliff? Jaehwang’s expression made it look like he would really push him off.

“Hey, what are you talking about?”

“It won’t be fun if I tell you now. You’ll find out,” Jaehwang replied.

“Aren’t you being a bit creepy?”

“Don’t worry. No way, are you going to tear off my limbs?”

“Of course not. Why would I do that?”

Jaehwang and Dongchul continued to talk until Rumi walked in.

“Jaehwang Gwanjae is here.”

“Okay.” Jaehwang followed Rumi out of the room and said to Dongchul, “Don’t you ever mention to him that you’re my friend.”

“Ah...” Dongchul then stopped. Jaehwang then looked back and said,

“I’ll be back.”

“Okay,” Dongchul said after realizing that they were off to face a legendary hunter.

Dongchul led the way as Rumi and Jaehwang walked along behind him. The building that they were walking in pierced the sky with its height along with the 50-meter tall and 10-meter thick wall that surrounds it.

It wasn’t a part of Gwanjae’s mansion but he seemed to have been spending a lot of time there recently. When Gwanjae made that place, he considered it to be a huge safe. It had a maximum capacity of 1,000 people and he made sure that it would have everything that they would need to survive aside from all the protection it could give. It also had a basement within the building, giving it even more space after they passed through the entrance.

Jaehwang then lifted his head and saw a red flag.

[Back Story]

50 years ago, humans had run to survive the wave of monsters holding those flags in their hands.

Rumi already had an idea about what Jaehwang and Gwanjae would talk about. Gwanjae was having a meeting at the top of the building so they had assumed that a few people had gathered there. She just guided Jaehwang to the room where Gwanjae was in.

Jaehwang then opened the door and walked inside. Rumi didn’t go with him. He saw four people waiting for him and there was a guy that had a lot of muscles sitting in a chair.

Gwanjae gave him a light smile. He had a long beard and looked a little older. It had been a long time since they last met. His butler, on the other hand, just stood right next to him with a blank expression.

His butler’s name was Nagil Hwan, he was always there for Gwanjae when he needed help. He was always faithful butler and he could be cruel towards others if necessary.

The other four guys in the room were wearing black suits. One of the guys was a powerful businessman who just came back after a successful mission. There was another businessman sitting on the chair towards his left but Jaehwang still felt that Gwanjae was the strongest of them all.

“It’s been a while,” Gwanjae said.

“Yeah...” Jaehwang replied as he lowered his head.

Jaehwang never called him grandfather before. Everyone gathered around and always talked together, however, Gwanjae was a little different.

“Why aren’t you calling me grandfather?” Gwanjae said with a smile.

“Hi.. Grandfather,” Jaehwang replied with an awkward tone.

“Perfect, haha...” Gwanjae widened his smile.

Jaehwang felt relieved. He tried to sense his energy and he found out that it still was an energy stronger than his own.

“Haha, look at this.”

Gwanjae wasn’t angry at Jaehwang’s rebelliousness and he seemed to be proud of him instead. He had the same look when they first met.

“It was unbelievable but, you’ve finally made it.” Gwanjae already knew that he went to the training center. He had always encouraged him because he knew that he was very skilled.

Gwanjae was in the middle of the people he had gathered. He could sense their respect to his grandfather and Jaehwang wondered if they’re going to ask him about what he did at the training room.

“Take a seat.” Gwanjae said.

“Yes.” Jaehwang sat in a chair next to Gwanjae. It was quiet at first but at that moment, Gwanjae’s understanding expression have disappeared.

Page One, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 92: Page One 2




One of the four guys who they called ‘Mr. Hwang’, asked Gwanjae, “Is it okay if I ask you grandson something?”

“Haha, sure.”

Mr. Hwang then looked at Jaehwang. “Jaehwang, I’m very curious about you.”

“Ask whatever you please,” Jaehwang said, he shook his head and began to talk.

“I have received the report. I’m curious about the incident that had happened earlier today. Even though you changed your style, were you able to do what you aimed for?

Jaehwang and Gwanjae then exchanged looks.

“Yes.”

Jaehwang answered without a hint of hesitation. Everyone in the room was surprised since his answer changed everything that they previously thought of him.

“Well then Jaehwang, I have come to a decision,” Mr. Hwang said and Gwanjae started to smile.

“Yes,” Jaehwang replied.

Gwanjae followed, “Haha, This is pretty funny. This is great. Very, very solid. Aren’t you nervous?”

Gwanjae said to the guy next to him that had no arms. The guy then shook his head and said, “Yes, sir, but still, we have to invest a little more on our next generation”

He had encountered these issues before. Gwanjae heard his words, he was able to follow his thoughts to secure their business and allow it to flourish better than before. A company had suffered when their leader had died and they can’t allow that to happen. The leader was famous for his artistic training along with his brand and healing was said to be his specialty.

“Okay. I guess we won’t be having much fun for the anniversary celebration this time.” Gwanjae shrugged

They had planned to celebrate the opening of their company like these past years. It was a festival but it didn’t involve anything like eating, having fun and drinking. It was the kind of celebration where everyone would challenge each other for a fight. The fights weren’t life-threatening but the winner would get an award aside from all the praises he/she could get. It was also the kind of fight where five healers are needed simultaneously to keep everyone alive.

[Getting strong and winning, that was the festival’s main goal.]

They would even hold an opening ceremony.

The fights in the festival had a meaning behind it. It would be the perfect place to show off their strength and battle skills to prove their rank to others. Especially with Gwanjae growing old, there would come a time where he won’t be able to guide the young hunters anymore.

There was something that Mr. Hwang said to Jaehwang a moment ago.

“To achieve unconditional strength, you must first reveal your own...” Jaehwang understood what he meant. The roster was filled with high ranked hunters and it made it even more challenging.

“How you are feeling? Don’t chicken out on me...”

Gwanjae asked and the guy sitting on his far-right smirked. “I’m the money guy and that’s the best that I could do. Besides, Jaehwang will be a part of your group, he seems ready.”

“Sounds good. I don’t like to have meetings for things like this but some good news came up.”

Jaehwang was holding a flyer of the festival in his hand. It seemed that his aim didn’t matter. His plan was to achieve the power he needed to indulge himself in his own interests and desires. If that wasn’t a shameful act then the strong having fun with their power wouldn’t be a problem.

“Well then, shall we proceed with the meeting? Butler.” GwanJae said.

“Yes, sir.”

“How are things going?”

The atmosphere had gotten more intense. He felt warm at first but now, it felt like the room was frozen solid.

“So? Should we go ahead and run an inspection first?”

“No. We had already made an investment with the Daehyeon group to complete our first two steps. We also had a few people inside to contact with to complete the steps three to four. Everything should turn out fine.”

They discussed and pointed out a few disadvantages of their plan as one of the guys took a deep breath. They couldn’t disregard the possibility that things wouldn’t go as planned.

“I wish that wasn’t it but maybe that’s true. If our contacts rat us out, I’ll lose everything I have.”

Gwanjae’s money and power had spread throughout the world like a spider web over the years and now, he’s known throughout Korea as a successful businessman.

“No, we don’t have to worry about anything like that. When the machine is a little squeaky, the machine or its manager would just need to be changed. If that happens, all we need to do is to figure out whos in charge.”

“Thank you, Gwanjae.” One of them replied.

“And try not to relax too much. We have to personally decide on that part with my butler. We also have to trust the butler and follow our decision without any hesitation. Keep all of this a secret, don’t even dare to tell your families.”

“We’ll keep that in mind.” They all agreed. They couldn’t mention their plans to anyone close to them like their families but that didn’t mean that they weren’t at risk.

“We still haven’t made contact with the Daehyeon clan as well as the Samjeon Church. I’m starting to have my doubts with this plan.”

A hologram then appeared on the nearby table. The hologram played a CCTV video and it showed them dozens of people being escorted by hunters in army uniforms.

“It’s a film of the Justin Point ROK-US CFC Logistics support command lieutenant. Justin Point secretly attacked the Daehyeon clan and they came through the gate.”

“Hm, how did they escape.” One of them asked.

“They didn’t. They couldn’t find a way to escape out of the gate. Their families even tried to keep their whereabouts a secret to hide the incident.”

“Great.”

“The Justin Point mining industry management is something that we need to avoid. They react quickly in order to avoid any damages because the situations within the dominant structures were much worse than we had expected.”

“We could show it but something smells fishy.”

“I see. Actually, Jaehwang’s friend gave us a piece of a pretty solid information”

Click... Click

A list then showed up on the screen.

“We’re currently investigating what he had said. What we have here is a list of the most talented hunters that the Daehyeon group supported in this country for these past three years. Out of 578 of them, 443 are already dead. It always points to a missing person’s whereabouts.” Mr. Hwang said and the strength in Jaehwang’s first automatically disappeared.

Gwanjae looked at the hologram and shook his head saying, “First, looks like we’re going to have to find out what the Daehyeon members are up to. So now... Jaehwang...”

“Yes, grandfather?”

“Did happen to see the person who’s directly involved while you were in that place? I want to hear what you think their plan is.”

He then told them what happened. He finished telling their entire story and Gwanjae then took a deep breath. “We surely have underestimated the Samjeon church. We could join forces with the Oaks...”

“It’s clear that they’ve teamed up with the Daehyeon group for this mission,” One of them replied.

“You’re right. It seems that we don’t know anything about that group at all but everything starts at some point. The Daehyeon group needs to be punished for what they’ve done”

“But anyone who messes with the Daehyeon group isn’t just let off...”

“They know everything about us. They could stop us at our leisure if we’re not really careful.” One of the guys added.

“They have lots of money and power. It’ll be hard to go up against them but we just have to plan everything just right. We should also consider the country’s flexible economy as a problem.”

“True, That’s something we can’t ignore.”

“...and the Daehyeon’s group influence on Korea can’t be ignored as well. Besides, they’ve been in this for a long time now, they have experience and we can’t rule that out.”

“The sun is unlikely to shine on those who fall far. If we turn their supporters against them then they wouldn’t have it easy.” Everything was quiet until one of the businessmen nodded his head.

Gwanjae then followed and said, “The people today have no sense of pride. What about those guys in the masks? We have to come up with something else.”

Everyone fell into silence.

“Jaehwang.”

“Yes?”

“What do you think?” Gwanjae asked and he then took a moment to think. “Do you think that it would get worse if we avoid it?”

“I want to check and examine this problem with my own eyes.” He simply replied.

“Hm, is this because of your parents?” Jaehwang nodded his head. Jaehwang wanted to investigate it himself and he wanted to kill everyone whos involved. After hearing everyone else’s opinions, he decided that there was no better choice.

“Yes.”

Gwanjae closed his eyes after hearing his answer. He then opened his eyes and turned to his right. “Butler...”

“Whatever you say, maybe you’re on the right path but how can we expect this to go with well with your help?” Gwanjae asked and Mr. Hwang looked over at Jaehwang in surprise.

Mr. Hwang took a moment to think and then replied, “If I were to get directly involved then... We won’t have to invest anything into the Daehyeon group.”

“Really?” One of them said.

“Yes. We could sneak into their base and get a hold of all the information they have and make a hit list of those who would get in our way or, we could just plan a surprise attack at their base.”

Gwanjae then turned to Jaehwang and said, “What do you think?”

“Sounds good, ” Jaehwang said. The remaining two businessmen were surprised. They just paid attention to the conversation and didn’t share much input.

Mr. Hwang was a high-ranked level 7 hunter so no one doubted his skills at plotting assassinations. Jaehwang would be of use to them but when it comes into that, they had to acknowledge Gwanjae’s words. With the help of Jaehwang and the advice of Gwanjae, they would be unstoppable.

“I have a request,” Jaehwang said.

“What is it?” Gwanjae replied.

“You should help my friend Dongchul by training him.”

Gwanjae then smiled and shook his head in agreement. “Alright, I’ll get on that.”

He felt a little displeased but Gwanjae was not the type of person to fall deep into retirement especially in a situation like this.

“Let’s not get our hopes up so much. Things could change... let’s try our best to keep everyone alive for now.” Jaehwang continued to speak.

“Sure, is your friend strong-minded though?”

Dongchul was having a bit of a hard time during their regular training.

“I threatened him a bit and then attacked him a few times earlier but he’s fine.”

“Wow, your friend surely wants to live. Okay, what did you want from him?” Gwanjae asked.

“Should I ask for more?”

“Phew..”

“Hm...”

He may have come off as arrogant but Gwanjae nodded his head and turned to his butler. “Butler.”

“Yes?”

“Alert everyone.”

“Huh? Right now?...”

“Yes, it would be great to start now. We have to keep everything in order...”

“Got it.”

“Jaehwang.”

“Yes, grandfather?”

“Be sure to keep this plan a secret for now. We’ll talk more about everything soon.”

That wasn’t going to be an easy task but he knew that he could manage so he smiled and said, “Okay.”

“Everything starts today,” Gwanjae said with a voice filled with determination. “...and send your friend to me so I could train him. I have to see what needs to be improved.”

Page One 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 93: Page One 3




Jaehwang looked through the weapons and picked out the ones he planned to take with him one by one. He also wore a layer of protection under his clothes.

He put armor on his shoulders, a hood over his head and he tied a belt with weapons around his waist. He finished up his preparation and he’s now ready for his mission.

[Set ‘Shadow hell’ complete.]

[Set effects]

[Hiding effects increased by 20 percent.]

[Hiding affiliation declined by 30 percent.]

“Everything seems to be okay.” He said as he checked the information of his weapons. He adjusted his hood and put on his coat. He wore a coat so no one would notice or get suspicious about the weapons that he was carrying especially in this winter season.

Jaehwang made sure that all of his weapons were perfectly hidden under his coat before walked out the door. He then saw four people in a wall of monitors as he left.

“You’re here.” A guy gave a polite greeting to Jaehwang.

“Hi,” Jaehwang replied. Jaehwang then looked behind and saw other people gathering around the area.

“There are rumors going around in Korea, are you okay?” One of them said to Jaehwang with a concerned tone.

He heard something about that before but he had no time to entertain that thought since he was only concerned about the mission that was about to begin.

“We’ve finished checking the surveillance.” One of them said.

“A lot of the CCTV were protected by their security, so we had a hard time checking it.”

“There were five people on patrol but we have confirmed their numbers. Their troops in total would be around 60, that sounds like a lot but it was actually not as high as we expected.”

“We would take action in 20 minutes, we’ll be getting more information until then...” She continued to talk and explain everything thoroughly.

“Understood.” She handed Jaehwang a folder and he started to read through it. It was a list of all the people that would be joining him.

“Everything looks great. They all have hiding skills and it looks like they’re really skilled.”

Having a hiding skill would make it much easier for them to get a hold of the information without a hitch. They would use a formation commonly used during a monster raid to get what they needed without being seen.

They still had to be careful of their enemies as they were still at risk of being assassinated. They also needed to be careful of the secret camera that could spot them even if they used their hiding skills. But looking at their plan, there should be nothing to worry about.

Jaehwang wasn’t even worried at all.

“What do we do next after they succeed?” He asked. The man then waited for a second and then added onto that question.

“The goal is to find the computer containing the top-secret information that we need and then, we’ll connect it to a computer of our own. That sounds easy but we’ll fail if we run into some fake data and make a complete fool of ourselves. The top of the red LED light would change to blue and that’s our cue. We won’t have much time though, we only have about five minutes at most.”

“Got it.” Jaehwang nodded and she then followed.

“We also have a plan just in case we fail. We have an immense amount of faith in each other and we believe that they’ll do good but if this doesn’t work out, then they’ll be major problems.”

“Would you care at all even if some of us won’t come home?” One of them asked.

“It wouldn’t matter. How could I even focus on anything like that since there’s something important that needs to be done. The connection between hunters and criminals have brought shame to the entire hunter community. We need to put an end to it” Jaehwang replied.

“I see.” She replied and stared at Jaehwang with her worried eyes. She couldn’t imagine how hard it must have been for him. Everyone around him was trustworthy but he still felt like he had to do things on his own.

They could have found out some information through the ancient tablets but no one believed in it. The information that they could get would still be doubted and them doing it anyway despite its risks made it worse.

“Gwanjae is back at it again after 50 years...” She said her thoughts to Jaewhang.

Jaehwang closed his eyes for a second since he could only focus on their plan. There was no time to waste. He quickly ran everything through his head and then decided that it was time go.

They went into the office and sat down to review their plan once more. He soon started to feel more relaxed. She ran everything to him so they could be completely sure not to make any mistakes.

She then started to explain a few things.

“If there’s no way to escape while you’re in there, then press the red button and someone will come to rescue you and the team.”

“Got it.” Jaehwang then got up from his seat and said, “I’ll be right back.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang then left out of the door.

-I’m hungry, I need some snacks that I could eat.

-I’ll buy you some after this, don’t worry.

-I want it now, I even gave you that tiara.

-Didn’t you say that it was mine now?

-Fine.

The spirit whined as Jaehwang walked along. He could see his destination in the nearby distance. There was a large space of concrete that looked like a cliff and laying around. It looked like a pile of weapons made a mess of that place.

He then saw a piece of glass that looked like a diamond as it sparkled in the sun. He walked closer and a sign appeared. It looked like something that came from the Daehyeon clan, but there was no name written on it.

The restricted are just lies 100 meters away from him. Jaehwang leaned against a tree as he looked around.

-How are we going to get in.

-The others will handle it...

-How?

-Just wait and see.

Jaehwang replied to the spirit. It was time for the next step of their plan and a giant tank then appeared. Everything looked like it would proceed smoothly but an arrow came flying out of nowhere.

Tuek!

The arrow stopped the car as it went for its headlights. The driver went out of the car to check it out as Jaehwang placed the magic tiara on top of his head.

-Oh my gosh! How is it? Doesn’t it look great.

-Shut up.

Jaehwang said and the guy stopped moving as soon as he saw him. Jaehwang then instantly understood how to use his skills with the tiara that the spirit had given him. He didn’t even need to test them out... “Get back in the car.”

“O-okay.” The guy followed Jaehwang’s orders. Jaehwang then walked to the side of the car where the driver’s seat was and spoke to him.

“Looks like there’s no one else in this car. Go, drive... I’ll have a job to do.”

“...Okay.” The guy replied before he drove off.

[Tiger Hunter]

Jaehwang’s hunter senses grew. He was one of the people on the list given to him by Daejun. He wasn’t an important person but he was the best person that could take him inside.

“Stop!”

The car immediately stopped and he saw a woman.

“Is there something wrong?” Jeahwang asked.

“Yes. A lot has been happening since yesterday haha,” The driver replied.

“Yeah. Be Careful out here today. It’s really dangerous out here, especially right now.”

“Hm. Thank you for the heads up. Our inspection team are out right now so I’m sure that they’ll take care of it”

“Really? What do you mean?”

They both took turns to share their information. The person said that he was in his twenties and working as the head in the Daehyeon group cafeteria. Jaehwang felt comfortable enough to ride the car with him but he still took the backseat and looked past its windows. He then saw two search devices ahead but those didn’t contain any relevant data.

Taktak...

“Hm, what’s that noise?”

“Huh? I don’t hear anything.”

“That’s strange, sounds like I heard something...”

“Must have been nothing.” Jaehwang was secretly planting search devices as they moved on.

“Hm...” The guy then looked around and noticed the search devices.

“It’s nothing... I guess?” The guy then used his detection skills and tilted his head as he noticed that something was going on. He had a high ranked detection skill. He’s been going around the area for the past five years, he would know if something was off.

However, he just figured it was nothing and ignored it.

“With a rank like yours, your hiding skills may be a little faint... Right?” The guy asked and Jaehwang just looked at him for a moment before he turned back to his seat. Jaehwang was unaware that he had a detection skill. That’s when he knew that there was a problem. His detection skill was able to sense him. Jaehwang then saw that were a surveillance camera in the car facing him.

-This is clearly not going well.

-It’ll be fine, just stay calm.

Jaehwang tried to stay calm so he wouldn’t get any more suspicious. He thought of what to do if this situation happened before he came here, but he was less prepared for it that he thought.

-Be careful.

-I’m trying.

Maybe if Jaehwang could check the CCTV in the car he could find out more information.

“Is it here?”

Jaehwang asked as he saw something appearing in the distance. They then reached Jaehwang’s destination so he got out of the car and said goodbye to the person that drove him. He then saw the ventilation and went inside to continue on with the plan.

“Hm, are there any lasers here?

The spirit asked.

Click

Numerous red lines then appeared in front of Jaehwang.

-What’s going on?

-Try to examine our surroundings.

-Someone must have set up these lasers. I knew something like this would happen.

-Yeah...

They then saw a rat run by.

It wasn’t going to be easy getting through the ventilation but Jaehwang turned on his tiger hunter skill and went through it. As he continued to go on, he soon saw five doors ahead of him.

Whoosh

One of the doors then automatically opened, he saw a guy on the suit standing in the middle of the room. He invited Jaehwang to come in and the door closed behind him.

-Can we rest?

-I guess so.

All of his weapons were jumbled up and out of order, but now, they could finally relax without a problem. He then made sure the coast was clear and then connected one of the weapons to one of the computers.

He was holding the weapon in his hand and after he connected it, a red light came on. There was supposed to be a hidden blue light under the desk that he had to wait on to let him know that he’s done.

“Ah, this is tough. Do we have any kind of examples around here?”

“Don’t you do this kind of stuff everyday?”

“This is a new project, I’m pretty nervous.”

“Ugh, I wish he would just hurry up...”

“Let’s just wait.”

Jaehwang tilted his head as he heard the words of the guys guarding the doors outside. He was calm but something felt strange now that he had heard them talk.

A blue light then came on as he continued to eavesdrop on their conversation and it looked like everything went well. Jaehwang wrapped things up and signalled his group to head towards the exit.

-Did it go well?

-Yeah, but I’ll check again just to be sure.

They kept walking until they saw a glass door that had ‘B1’ written on it. They went through it without a thought but then, Jaehwang saw something so he stopped. The other guys moved on but Jaehwang froze in place.

-What the hell.

The spirit said with an angry tone. Jaehwang was feeling the same way.

They saw a set of countless glass tubes and it had human limbs inside of them. What could they have been doing with those?

“...W-what.. the.. Heck. How can someone do this?” So many thoughts had ran through his head. He was both angry and confused.

-This is so... Wow.

The spirit said in shock.

Page One 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 94: Page Two




Teukteuk...

They walked through the entrance and Jaehwang couldn’t believe the terrible sight that he saw.

-Are these monsters?

-No... these are people.”

They saw a person, it looked like a male and it had its stomach cut open as it lied down on the operating table. The dozens of tentacles that stuck out of him caught their attention but they still continued to walk along. They also saw a woman wrapped in a plastic-like material inside a glass tube.

It was a sad reality that looked like a scene from a horror movie.

All of the glass tubes were in a certain order. It didn’t look like anything more impressive, it looked more of a creepy graveyard. They also saw the implemented experiment breakdown in front of it.

[25yr male, Level one hunter, Electric skill- third tier energy level – parallel connection/fail, transplant/fail, blank injection test/fail]

[26yr Male level 2 hunter, beginner recovery skill, Dakuso surgery/fail, Result from Injection/Death]

[22yr Female level 1 hunter, Resurrection Skill, hiding skill, Super strength- 5th tier energy direct transplant/fail, Spine extraction in progress]

Jaehwang was disgusted knowing that they had been experimented on. With anger racing through him, he headed for the next door. Luckily there was nothing to be worried about in the next room. Instead, there was something different other than humans in the glass tubes.

-What’s going on?

-Families of Drakus and Oaks... They’re being imprisoned here... There are lots of them in the Alousu.

They didn’t hear much about these types of monsters on the news so they had a hard time recognizing what they were. Even Jaehwang had only seen pictures of the Drakus before he saw them in this place and in the Alousu.

-This is cruel.

-...

He didn’t know what to say so he kept his pace. It was the first time where he had seen so many Drakus. He then saw a mysterious sign.

They were tall and strong from a human’s point of view. They had two horns on their head that naturally contained magic.

-The human supports are still on making tragedies like these...

-...

No word has left his mouth and he still didn’t know what to say. He could see the misery on their faces. The Drakus that occupied the glass tubes were dying and in pain. He couldn’t begin to think of how many of them had to go through those cruel experiences.

They had big ears, long claws, a tail along with their huge frame. They all looked terribly hurt and tortured.

Jaehwang felt sad seeing them like that, so he closed his eyes and moved forward.

Two people who worked in the lab then came through the door. The one walking in front was a gray-haired middle-aged man. He walked strongly into the room and put on a pair of gloves. Walking along behind him was a guy holding a glass tube and it seemed to contain a human heart.

-Did they just take it out of someone? There was still blood dripping off of it.

The spirit asked.

“We need to collect a sample. Check in with the organization.”

“On it.”

“They’ve been enduring these tests every single day...”

“Would they rather die than just live while being experimented on? How much do we have to inject?”

“50cc for the first 5 minutes and we need to have 4 spaces between each one.”

“Okay. I wonder if they would be able to endure this. I guess it would be nice to find out”

“We already have lots of new data. If we secure our samples just a little more, then we would be able to complete it soon.”

“We need to experiment more.”

“Things have been a bit messy these days, right? The supply and demand being cut off and all...”

“Ugh, this stuffy place is ridiculous...” The older one said and Jaehwang then realized what kind of person they were dealing with.

“What!” Jaehwang yelled and he instantly covered his mouth with his hand He covered his mouth with his left hand and he used his right hand to attack the experimenter.

Pong pong pong!

“Argh!” The experimenter yelled as he was shot in his joints. Maybe that was the same as what the monsters in the lab were experiencing.

Pang!

The middle-aged man fell and Jaehwang then turned around where he saw two others making their escape. Jaehwang then flew into the air.

He shot an arrow into the experimenter’s neck which caused him to collapse on the floor. The syringe that he held in his hand fell and rolled across the room. The man died on the spot but it didn’ matter to him, he just looked over to the syringe.

“You are not human.” Jaehwang jumped onto the floor and walked up to the middle-aged experimenter. He had a terrified look on his face as he looked at the other experimenter and saw that he was dead.

Tak! Tak!

Jaehwang grabbed the experimenter by the collar and he started to slap him continuously.

“...S-spare me.”

Jaehwang stopped and raised his body in the air.

“W-who are you?”

“...”

“Answer my question.” The experimenter tried to struggle but it didn’t work. “You’re insane! Who are you?... Ahhhh!!!”

Swooshhh...

The man yelled as Jaehwang took him back to the ground. He was terrified and he had a hard time holding on.

“Ahhh!!”

He tried to fight back but he knew that he didn’t stand a chance. He was just a normal human and Jaehwang was a high ranked monster hunter.

Swooshhh...

He kept his tight grip and then, his eyes started to water.

“Are you going to behave?” Jaehwang asked as he held him close by his collar. “I won’t hurt you if you would answer all of my questions, got it?”

“O-okay.”

“Where did you get your test subjects?” He had already seen enough of what was going on there so he didn’t need to know any more about that. He didn’t seem too mad as he didn’t have much to ask and he was sure he would get his answers.

“There’s a department around here that we go to and it’s called ‘B2’ and it’s a storage where we get what we need...” The experimenter obediently replied.

“Good.” Jaehwang walked around the lab to get a closer look at their equipment.

He then activated his tiger hunter senses again. There were many CCTV cameras in the lab but he didn’t notice if there’s any in the hallway.

-Spirit...

-Huh?

-Do you think I’m just like them when I slaughtered those Oaks? Am I a bad person?

-No..?

The spirit replied but there was no confidence behind her answer.

-You’re very polite towards your enemies at least.

-Polite?

-Yes. You could have just killed him, couldn’t you? Isn’t that like, being polite?

The spirit said and Jaehwang smiled. Of course, she could always find the good side of everything.

-If those are manners, then maybe I should keep that up.

They soon made it to the B2 door and Jaehwang put the entrance card through the sensor.

“Huh? What?” He saw a lot of security guards among the CCTV monitors and there were three guards near its entrance.

“Did it break?” One guy said as he walked to towards the glass door and looked at the monitor. They couldn’t see anything but that wasn’t anything unusual. He tilted his head and the moment he turned around, he saw something that surprised him.

The others had been shot in the neck and just then, an arrow flew past him.

Pong

He then turned his head and saw Jaehwang.

The guards from room B3 then rushed into the room.

Jaehwang could hear the doors opening from every direction but he wasn’t worried at the moment since there was a long hallway where he could run to. The good thing about the hallway was that there was a hole through the wall that he could look through.

He then heard a heavy low-pitched voice from the end of the hallway. He saw a black shadow of someone sitting at a big desk.

“Didn’t I say not to open it until it’s fixed, hm?” He said before he pressed the button on his desk.

Swiii

A cloud of thick dust then started to spread everywhere and it even stuck to Jaehwang who used his hiding skill.

“Come out of hiding, thief. If so, then I won’t press the alert button.” He said and Jaehwang realized that he knew he was there. He then cancelled his hiding skill.

“Wow, it’s been a while. I thought you were a guest,” He said as he stood up from his chair.

“What a great show you put on here.” He was really tall. There seem to be a lot of people in the hallway. When he stood up, none of the dust was around him.

“Who are you?” The man asked.

“A visitor, right?” Jaehwang answered as he looked around.

“Ah, a visitor. Hahaha! A visitor... right. A great visitor. Haha... I should ring the alarm but I was bored. I could give you one chance though, I could just let you escape but that would be too boring.”

Kwang kwang kwang.

It felt like there was a giant walking down the hall. “From what I see, you’re a rookie. Haha... It’s already too late for you.”

He only covered half of the hallway but Jaehwang could already see his face. He wore the Daehyeon group uniform and he was wearing gloves that had a piece of metal in its knuckles. He had a huge special mark on his face. The mark started from his chin and ended on his neck, but there were also subtle tracks of it around the area of his eyes.

“Do you have any idea of who I am?”

“Is that something I have to know?” Jaehwang replied in a low voice. He had no idea what was about to happen.

“Fine! Maybe I was just unlucky! Should we get to know each other? Hahaha.”

He came closer and his beast-like appearance cast a shadow over Jaehwang.

And after five minutes...

“Ugh...” A lot of saliva came out of his mouth.

He looked like a giant beast. Actually, it looked more cruel and intense than that. Both of his legs and arms had disappeared. It looked like they were cut off.

He coughed a mouthful of blood that splattered across the wall. Jaehwang watched with a worried expression, he was confused as he gingerly walked closer towards him.

“...”

“What?” Jaehwang said.

“P-please... Spare me.” The guy said with tears falling down his face.

“Ha...?” Jaehwang brought up an unpleasant look on his face as he scratched his head. He wasn’t sure what was going on or what was about to happen but he wasn’t going to beg for his life.

“Aren’t you acting a little rude?”

Pong...

“Cough....”

Page Two, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 95: Page Two 2




Jaehwang tried to tiptoe his way out of it.

“Ugh...”

He did attack him but of course, he wouldn’t die easily.

Pong pong pong!

He attacked him a few more times.

“Why are you so angry? I don’t have the time to die.”

He focused on attacking him but his reaction was far from what he thought. He didn’t even yell, he just stayed silent. Jaehwang felt like he didn’t need to worry but he was running out of time.

“Don’t you know that I have the ability to heal myself?” He was getting bruises but he just slowly healed them all right after they appeared. It didn’t seem like he would die from the attacks but he had to keep trying.

Jaehwang then found the guy’s hunter’s license after it fell out of a pocket of his uniform jacket. “Rank 5 in strength. So that’s why these attacks aren’t working.”

Usually, someone with a strength skill was difficult to fight with. Jaehwang started to worry and spirit asked him,

-What are you going to do?

-I’ll have to lure him in with some kind of bait but he’s in rank 5 so that won’t be easy.

Jaehwang thought about what could be behind the B3 door. All he could see was just a normal metal door and he couldn’t get a glimpse of anything inside.

The spirit then replied in an unimpressed tone.

-Okay but that’s going to be difficult, he’s very strong and skilled. He could shatter though.

-Shatter?

-It can happen if he reaches his maximum capacity. He could explode and destroy everything...

-How was I supposed to know about that?

Jaehwang replied. He would explode if he attacks him and if he didn’t, he would die. Could he somehow attack him from the inside? He wondered if he could gather all of his energy into its center until the spirited tiredly explained it to him in great detail.

-Ugh... He doesn’t know basic magic so you should try using what you’re best at.

-What I’m best at?

-Yes. You have a strong arrow, right? Wouldn’t that work better than magic? It would be better than attacking with your bare hands too.

-You’re right, maybe that would work... Thanks

-What’s kind of skills does he seem to have?

-I can’t really tell.

He wasn’t fighting back so Jaehwang didn’t know exactly what he was capable of.

“Stop right there! I know what you’re planning! You thought you figured it out, huh? Go ahead, try it! You’re digging your own grave!”

-Huh?

The spirit said in his head. He acted as if he knew what they were talking about.

When Jaehwang uses an arrow, all of his energy would flow into his hands. He chose a powerful arrow and although he was still a little unskilled with it, he focused on aiming to make the best shot that he could.

Woosh

The energy was then gathered in his hand with a bright red glow.

“What’s going on?” The guy said as it was his first time seeing something like that. Right at that moment, Jaehwang suddenly received an alert.

[New skill created.]

Special Skill

Special energy release – Rank 0, 0.01 percent

-It’s a destructive energy special skill.

“Ah...”

He gained a new skill.

Jaehwang looked at the glowing energy on his palms. It caused a harsh tingly feeling in his hands but, it also felt relaxing as if his hands were submerged in warm water.

-You’ll get used to it.

-That’s a lot of energy...

Its growth was slow and steady but its effects were expected to be huge.

-It’s your first time so you’ll have to use it a few times before you get the hang of it.

The spirit said. Jaehwang then did the best he could and aimed at the guy’s stomach.

Pong...

It exploded as the arrow launched towards the guy at the speed of light. He had started to bleed so he backed up a bit to see if he would heal himself but he didn’t, it looked like his attack had worked.

“Done.”

Woosh

The guy then collapsed to the floor and it left a huge splatter of blood on impact.

-Be careful.

The spirit was able to absorb the energy from the guy after he was attacked and she laughed as Jaehwang put the magic tiara on his head. He planned to do a little remodeling on the tiara so it could suit him better.

[Activating control skill]

He used the control skill and caused him pain. He followed the basic instructions that the spirit told him to worsen the damage that he did. Jaehwang then asked him about everything that was going on in that place.

“Where is the alarm installed?”

“In the desk, I have a consultation to attend to... please”

“When is it?”

“In one hour...” The guy continued to talk.

“Can I go to the bathroom?”

“I need to make a request to my employee.”

“How many employees do you have in there?” Jaehwang asked.

“One... just one. He answered.

“Give me the details...”

“She’s a rank 4 hunter... She has a healing skill and she can put up a good fight against trespassers.” He said. The guy then started to sweat excessively as the pain grew greater.

Jaehwang knew that he was in a terrible condition so he sat him in a chair and healed him a little. He then asked him in a cold voice after he finished tidying things up. “It’s time to go to the bathroom. Call your employee.”

“Okay.” The guy then pressed the button at his desk and spoke.

-I have to go to the bathroom for a second, come and watch over my office.”

-Yes, sir. I’ll be right there.

He called his employee and they then heard his footsteps coming down the hallway. It wasn’t long before a female employee walked into the room. It was hard to tell how old she was. She was wearing thick makeup and bold lipstick along with her expensive looking black pants and suit. She took an earphone out of her ear and went over to the desk.

“You’ve requested for me to come.... Hm?”

She looked down on the table and noticed something strange going on. A giant shadow covered her up, she noticed his boss’ injured arms and legs so she backed up but it was too late since Jaehwang had already begun his attack.

Kwang Kwang!

He showed up from behind her and slammed her head unto the table. She then collapsed and fell onto the floor with blood running down her forehead.

-This skill is more useful than I thought it would be.

He thought of the fight that the had with Dongchul and how he used the same skill over and over again.

-Oh my gosh, why did you do that? You should’ve taken it easier- Hey! There’s a tablet, pass it to me!

-Huh? This?

Jaehwang then picked up a tablet that the female employee dropped.

-Quick... give it to me.

She nabbed the tablet from his hand and she opened it up to see the latest drama. It wasn’t long before she got bored and frustrated.

-Come on, don’t make that face.

Looks like the drama was getting troublesome.

...Pong

“Argh!”

Someone yelled painfully right before passing out. He tied the female employee’s hands with a chord and he taped the girl’s mouth shut. It was now time to kill the main boss.

-Wow, you’re really treating both the men and women equally.

-Is that a compliment?

-Do you think it’s a compliment?

Click

Door 3B made a clicking noise as he opened it up using the female employee’s card pass. Jaehwang activated his tiger hunter skills and walked through the door. With his new special skill, he was able to sense where all the surveillance cameras and that enabled him not to get caught.

The place was dark and he needed to turn on the lights but the surveillance cameras would be able to sense that. He was, unfortunately, running out of time. He did his best to avoid all the cameras and look through the place thoroughly in the dark.

He could hear one of the female employees from the other room shouting for help.

Tang! Tang!

“Save me... Save me!”

“Ugh, I’m ready to get out of here.”

The room felt like a prison since it filled with metal doors instead of windows. He kept hearing the sound of employees crying for help. He soon started to sense a strange smell.

After walking through the door, Jaehwang opened up one of the dividers and looked through everything inside.

“P-please save me...”

The room was dark but he had no problem since he had the spirit with him. The employees were all secured in the other rooms so he won’t have to worry about anyone coming after him.

Jaehwang then went down the hallway to another room. He put the key through the metal door and opened it.

“W-who are you?... Get out!”

He tied the person that approached him and turned him into a caterpillar. He wondered for a second what would happen to those employees after they make their escape.

“Let’s start searching,” Jaehwang mumbled.

“N-no...” Said a guy who was tied up as he saw Jaehwang walk into the room.

He didn’t notice him when he walked in so he took out his knife to free him from his binds.

“Ahhh!” He looked surprised now that he’s been freed. He checked his arms and legs to make sure he wasn’t harmed. He then looked at Jaehwang before he fell into his hands and knees. “T-thank you. I don’t know who you are but... Thank you..”

“My name is Jaehwang. Are you okay?”

“Ah, I’ll be fine, I just need some rest and a little healing.” The guy replied nervously. It looked like he had a few bruises because of what they did to him.

“That’s a relief. I’m running out of time, I’ll go save everyone else here.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang then left and quickly went to save others. “You can thank me later, I really need to get out of here.”

The one that he saved helped the others escape. There weren’t many of them in that place. It was a total of 11 people. Seven guys and for girls, all of them looked frightened.

One of the guys then asked Jaehwang, “You came here alone to rescue us?”

“Yes, I was able to get through alone.”

“I see..” The guy seemed anxious about Jaehwang’s answer. He had trouble believing that he was able to sneak in alone and save them.

Jaehwang was able to sneak past the guards and the surveillance but taking them all at once would be difficult. He used another guard pass to get them all out of there. He wanted to give the information to someone else so they could look after it but it looks like none of them would be able to protect it. They walked down the hallway and they were able to make it through.

The building was about to close so they had to hurry or else, they would be stuck there and get themselves recaptured.

Jaehwang went back to the room where he slammed a female employee’s head against a desk. He looked at the table with a worried expression. Their biggest problem was to escape and their only way was to go through the elevator.

One of the people he saved then quietly raised their hand.

Page Two 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 96: Page Three




-One.

-Nothing’s changed.

-Two.

-There’s no more.

They talked through the radio and everyone had gathered to listen. The leader stood up with his arms tied along with an angry look on his face.

“Everyone’s worried.”

“You couldn’t have searched a little more?”

“We couldn’t. Things had started to get dangerous after just one hour. We had to hurry and escape.”

He didn’t seem so happy with their answer but he had no choice but to accept it. At least they were able to contact them immediately after they made it out of the building. Everyone was worried that they would get caught.

“What’s going on now?”

It took a lot to get the information they needed. If they didn’t have the hiding skill and the other special skills then they wouldn’t be able to make it out there.

He helped him and the others prepare for things like this for two years. They eventually got more experience on their own until they were able to handle the missions without any help from him.

He realized that he doubted him too late. He thought he needed to learn more but it turned out that he was already prepared enough. They just had to believe in him...

Someone then talked through the phone

“Congratulations, you guys did it!”

“Wow!”

The phone was close to his ear. He checked the number and pressed the speakerphone button so that everyone could hear it.

-Do you like to head out and eat for today? What do you guys want?

The lady on the phone said.

-Anything’s fine.

He replied.

-Jaehwang, we’ll come to pick you guys up from the south side of the Daehyeon clan experiment building. We’ll be there in 10 minutes, what should we look for?

-Okay, I have 11 people with me and they’re wearing some casual clothing. We’ll need a car big enough for all of us and then we can move on to the next part of the plan.

-Okay, we’ll install a phone for communication and be there as soon as possible.

The women talked calm and flat as if she was reading a book. The leader became worried for a bit but she did install the phone program at the car. The codes were a bit messy but it still worked.

“Looks like this mission has become more dynamic,” the leader said.

The mission was very dangerous but it wasn’t Jaehwang’s fault. He was luckily skilled enough to make it this far. The real problem was that time was running out.

He checked Jaehwang’s message again and instantly sprung into action. “A monster experimenting place... Gosh, how am I supposed to know where that is? Kihyeon! Everyone, gather around. I need you to find this place in 5 minutes!”

“I’m on it.” One of them said.

They had no idea how Jaehwang was able to rescue them but they had no choice but to believe in him. They then saw a woman crossing the road in their direction. She was walking with a limp but she looked quite dangerous. She passed by the car and then ran.

“There!”

Kwang!

Was it was they suspected? A big SUV then suddenly stopped and so did the woman.

She tried to avoid the SUV and a truck then came and crashed into the SUV. The accident had created chaos.

“Was that supposed to happen?...”

People started to gather around the incident and the Daehyeon clan’s guards rushed towards the scene. Everyone was confused and distracted, it was the perfect moment that they had been waiting for. Jaehwang then started to move as he noticed the urgency with their leader’s voice.

“You have three minutes!”

“Got it,” He replied.

“Take my hand.”

“Okay.” Jaehwang pulled up the last of the 11 people.

“I will leave first and see what happens. I’ll go find the rescue car and come back here to pick everyone up. Got it?”

“Understood.”

“Thank you again so much for saving us.” They looked at Jaehwang with tears in their eyes. He felt a little awkward but he understood what they were feeling.

“Be careful.”

“Yes, I’ll be going now.” Their hearts were racing as they were so nervous. Despite that, they had hope within them. They lost their hope when they were trapped in that building but they were able to get it back because of him.

Jaehwang looked back at them and smiled, seeing their strength had him motivated.

None of them knew their way around the area but with the help of one of the special skill that one of the people he rescued had, they were able to find their way out of room B3 and into the elevator and find some type of transportation without getting caught.

After that they rushed as fast as they could. Jaehwang gave them some different clothes to wear so they wouldn’t be too noticeable. They then showed up in a place that Jaehwang didn’t have in mind.

There were no corners in the elevator making every smooth to prevent escaping but Jaehwang had an idea to use an arrow to help.

However, there could have possibly been CCTV cameras underneath the elevator which caused a problem for their escape. But fortunately, one of them had an electromagnetic skill and could disrupt the camera and make their escape easier.

“We have reached the ground. When we get outside then-”

Beep! Beep!

They were finding their way out of the building and suddenly heard a loud siren.

Click... Click... Click

The passageways became blocked and they could hear the footsteps of people coming. There was a flickering red light going on everywhere along with the siren.

“This can’t be good.”

They must have left from traces behind causing them to find them but after one hour, no one came. It seems they’ve gotten lucky.

“W-what are we going to do?!”

They all gathered around Jaehwang. The light had been flickering for a while and although no one was coming they were still trapped and just the thought of them getting caught was frightening.

“I’ve thought of something, step back.”

They all then stepped back as it seemed that Jaehwang had an idea. It probably would have been much more difficult to break through if that happened before they got on the elevator. It was a lot easier as they were already on the last floor. All they had to do was break out of those walls...

“This will be easy.”

Breaking through things with his arrows was his specialty.

“Everyone, sep back a little more.”

“Okay.”

They responded to Jaehwang’s command and stepped back as far as possible.

Jaehwang then made sure everyone was at far distance and then looked at the wall. He pulled back the string with all his strength and launched the arrow to the wall at full speed.

Crash...

The others watched in amazement as tip of the arrow was covered in light as it flew towards the wall. Everyone then ducked their heads to keep safe from the big explosion.

The wall didn’t breakdown but it was close to shattering.

“Time for another one...”

Woosh...

Pong!

That time he used his new special strong arrow. It made a big effect on helping to break the wall.

Kwang kwang kwang! Kwang kwang kwang!

It made a loud noise hitting the wall and covered them all in dense dust.

Everyone started cough. The dust then disappeared after a few minutes and although the wall wasn’t completely broken down yet but, it seemed to be clearly very close to.

After the dust cleared away they saw that there was a one meter deep hole in the wall. That was it? The wall seemed to be studier than they thought... Behind them seemed to be a small hole in that wall too.

“Should we move a bit?”

“Huh? Oh, sure!”

Jaehwang answered and they then instantly moved to the other side.

Jaehwang looked around at the four walls feeling a little nervous as they seemed to be more dense than he expected.

“I have to be very careful.”

He still wasn’t used to using his new stronger arrow but he added it with a moving arrow and gave it another shot.

He focused for a moment and slowly pulled the string back before launching them at full speed.

Kwang kwang kwang!

The wall was shattered even more and they could see the rescue truck waiting for them outside. The rescued people were able to fit through the hole and escape.

They were all finally relieved as they got onto the rescue truck. Jaehwang then passed a weapon to the mission leader who was driving the rescue truck.

“You’ve worked hard. But aren’t you going to get in too?”

“No, I’ll finish up here and you guys can go ahead.”

“Okay... Be careful!”

He said in reply to Jaehwang’s answer. He hesitated to leave him there at first but he knew that Jaehwang knew what he was doing so he left onto the rescue truck.

“Hurry!”

Jaehwang turned around and prepared to launch another arrow. It got stronger and more effective the more he used it.

-Five! I’ll help!

The spirit made a white line appear to help break the walls.

“Maybe staying here was a bad idea!”

Jaehwang replaced his arrow string and focused.

Others were unaware but everyone on in the basement was most likely dead.

“I know how to break the wall!”

“Take this!”

Said a voice from the other side of the wall that they heard through the hole.

Pang!

It started to break even more as the magic of his new strong arrow consisted of magic and energy stronger than any arrow he had used before. The arrow disappeared through the hole after hitting into it and the second arrow that launched right after it caused the wall to break even more.

Kwang Kwang!

“It’s working!”

The wall shattered even more.

-Done.

-Great.

After all of that he was finally finished and it still seemed like no one else was around in the building. He used his tiger hunter skills to hide himself and went to find the pick up truck.

Woosh! Woosh!

“It’s the wrong car! Hide! The entrance has closed!”

The floor alarm went off and they could hear the guards coming. A giant door then opened on its own and they went through it and saw that it was filled with the Daehyeon clan’s weapon so they started gathering them.

“I’ll help.”

He was about to shoot an arrow but he made a mistake and his arm got weak.

Kwang Kwang! Kwang kwang kwang!!

The arrow hit into the opening door causing it to stop. Spikes then showed up to replace them and prevent escaping.

Was that it? They did notice something moving outside the door as if it was the shadow of some of the Daehyeon clan’s shoulders.

-Are you okay?

-I’m fine. I just got a little worried at first.

He felt better about the situation knowing that the people he rescued had already escaped and were on their way to safety. However, he was worried that a fire would start because of all the explosions and burn the area to the ground before they could get far away enough.

-What are you going to do?

-I’m going to destroy everything. Especially that laboratory...

Jaehwang replied in a serious tone. The people in the building could escape by evacuating outside but that was also going to get a dangerous place to be. He was ready to burn the place down and watch his enemies suffer.

Page Three, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 97: Page Three 2




-Check the damage of the situation!

-Looks like two research workers have died! Two security guards are dead and one is in critical condition. One hunter died and another one have disappeared.

-Darn it. What are we going to do.

Some of the most important people on their team had died during the chaos from the day before.

-I’m sorry. The team are now in the process of tracking down those who escaped. We’ll be sure to catch them.

Jaehwang’s arrow had melted away already but they didn’t know about that there.

-Don’t let not one of them get away!

-Yes, sir!

-Hurry, get moving!

-Okay.

-And tell all of the equipment team security to gather here tomorrow.

-Ah.. Yes, sir!

Kwang!

“Darn it!”

The chief shouted in frustration after slamming the communication receiver onto the table. It was time to go into the laboratory and test something new.

Those who they experiment on is a big secret but rather than using them, things would be a whole easier if they just experimented on their enemies.

But things weren’t going as planned today.

Intruders destroyed everything.

Until now the Daehyeon clan had been doing a good job at keep intruders out of the building.

However, that was unfortunately not the case this time.

They didn’t know who or what type of clan it could have been but they had to be skilled enough to rescue those people and escape before getting caught.

They were even able to get into the laboratory and escape without being spotted on any surveillance cameras. However, there were traces of them caught on the server outside.

The culprit seemed strong and sneaky. It was someone different from their past enemies. Unless the intruder was a spider, the surveillance camera should have caught him. It looked like they were dealing with someone more skilled than they thought.

They needed to find out who it was, their lives depended on it.

After a long time if waiting and searching there was no report of the enemy. After ten more minutes they were starting to get even more worried.

“No, this can’t be.”

He picked up the phone with shaking hands. It was the only phone connected to the outside.

A moment later there was someone speaking on the other end of the phone connection.

-Hello.

-This is your brother, Lee Soojang speaking.

-Ah... Dongchan, it’s been awhile since we’ve spoken to each other.

Answered an old guy in a calm tone.

-How are things?

-Fine. But, what have you been doing since this morning? I’ve been studying everyday so I haven’t had any time to call...

-Oh... Well, I haven’t been doing anything necessarily new lately...

He then began to tell Soojan what he had been doing recently. He was fine with telling him about everything because he knew that he would keep it a secret. However, if something went wrong then he wouldn’t be safe either.

-Wow, that sounds really difficult.

-Yes. I’m really sorry, brother.

-Don’t worry, it’s fine. Do you have any idea who could have caused all this?

-No, this is all that have been reported to me by SongJae. He’s the clan master.

-Hm. It could maybe be SongJae. But if that’s the case then you’re in danger.

-Yes but I don’t think it’s him. SongJae’s my cover and helps me a lot. The problem is the head chief.

-Really? So SongJae’s not the problem? He is a very stubborn person.

-I know. He can be a bit crazy sometimes... I need to be alone right now. Thanks for your help.

He then stood up from his seat.

They took pride in their experiments and studies but they needed to get to the bottom of this to get pass the crisis they were going through.

-Okay, okay. I know you’re in a very serious situation right now. I’ll help.

-You can do this. There’s no one like you.

-Thanks. I’ll need you to listen very carefully to whatever I say.

-Okay.

-First, I’ll need you to focus on all of the incineration in the laboratory from now on.

-The incineration?

SooJang replied in surprise. It was a very hard task that took a lot of time and effort.

Dongchan made his structions very clear while talking in a stern tone.

He told him everything in great detail.

But he could understand why he was being so serious. His brother was going through a very hard time at the moment.

-Wow... Understood. Everything will be fine, this is no problem, okay? Our laboratory group can track the enemy.

-Ah... I see.

-Good. And who is it, Bu Soojang?

-Bu Soojang had a holiday every other day so he’s not working today.

-Really? Well that’s a relief. Do you trust him?

-Bu Soojang? I guess so. He’s a very smart guy... There’s no one on the team like him.

-I see. Maybe he can take the fall and cover for us.

Lee Soojang knew exactly what he meant when he mentioned letting him cover for them.

-Thanks, brother.

-No problem. Now let’s get moving, fast.

-Yes.

Their phone call ended and Soojang hung up the phone and took a deep breath after sitting down back into his chair.

He thought about what his brother had said as he was a little confused. The emergency siren in the building then went off and he made quickly made his decision.

Beep Beep Beep... Enemy detected. Beep Beep Beep

“Ugh... what am I going to do...”

Their attack still wasn’t ready yet.

Lee Soojang then took a walkie talkie radio out of his packet and matched its frequency.

He shouted in pain as it was quite painful.

-2,3,4 Guards, go into battle! Keep them away!

-Hurry! Go as fast as you can! We can’t lose. Be sure to prepare by putting on armor.

-Destroy them!

-It’s too much!! The guards are there but the other are stronger! Retreat! Retreat!

-There’s been a breakthrough in area 2! A breakthrough in area 3! They’re going very fast! There’s lots of enemies!

-There’s nothing we can do! There’s a level 6 hunter with them!

-How are we going to block them!

-Retreat!

-There’s nothing we can do!

-Backup will be there in three minutes!

The laboratory chief’s face was blank. He showed no signs of anger, shock or fear. During the two minutes of waiting he quickly typed in a number on the phone.

-Chief, I got the call.

-How is everything going in the lab?

-Not so good. How long will be have to control it?

-Is there anyone around to protect everything?

-No, it’s just you.

-Alright. But listen, awhile ago there was an important project we were working on experiments for but it didn’t go well and failed.

-Ah, I understand.

-You’re going to have to completely give up and that. Stop everything now and come to my office! In five minutes the laboratory closing protocol should be in session.

-C-closing protocol? What!?

-Hurry, get it done!

-Yes, sir.

Their phone call ended and he kneeled down under the wooden table he was sitting at starting pressing the secret buttons in the correct order.

Beep

The desk opened up and under a small protective glass was a red button.

It was a button they’ve never had to press before. He was extremely nervous. He opened the draw that had the key to the glass opening of the button and put it into the keyhole.

-Wheu... So this is how it ends....”

The laboratory chief then took a deep breath.

Jiii! Jjjiii! Jjjjiii!

Pong pong pong!

Jaehwang then came out of hiding and walked towards him with his hood covering his face.

“Die!”

They then heard the sound of multiple gun fires.

“This is it!!”

They continued to hear gunshots coming from in the hallway. Everything was falling over and being destroyed all around them.

-You’re really good at this.

-Yea.

Jaehwang seemed to be in the lead during the fight as he used his hiding skill with a sneak attack. He kind of felt bad because they weren’t as skilled as he was to fight back just as good but that didn’t matter as his life was more important than a fair fight.

-I’m hungry.

-There’s nothing here to eat, do you have anything?

Asked the spirit.

-How about chocolate? I have some of that.

Jaehwang replied.

There was some chocolate left over from the night before that she hadn’t finished. Although they didn’t have much time to take a rest or anything during a fight or mission. Especially because that could cause them to leave behind tracks even more. They had to always be careful.

Although after all the fighting he had been doing he was also feeling a little weak and hungry since that morning.

Jaehwang thought about the expensive chocolate they bought when they visited a bakery.

-Those snacks are always so expensive.

-If you don’t like it then say so.

-That’s not it...

Jaehwang replied. He started to look around the room.

“The Breaker will be here soon. As soon as he shows up then everyone can leave!”

“Yes, sir.”

-What Breaker?

-I don’t know either. I guess we’ll find out soon.

-Hm...I guess so. Let’s eat...

Jaehwang ate two pieces of chocolate and then looked behind him and saw a guy with a small forklift coming their way. Behind the forklift was a big black board with a name on it.

“The Breaker is here!:

“Great. Hurry, move over here”

The conductor was leading the way and the Breaker stopped on a giant black padding on the ground.

“Prepare the breaker!”

“I’ll start the countdown. 10,9,8,7...”

“Get ready to retreat! Friend! Watch over our breaker well so we can retreat!”

“Yes, sir.”

The countdown finished and the breaker that they called started to glow in a blue light and it then started to float.

“It’s working! The destructive exploding will begin in 10 seconds!”

“Let’s get out of here, everyone!”

The conductor yelled and everyone began to escape. The breaker was about to self destruct and destroy everything. But, that was the plan. It was a big risk but they had to do it.

Jjjiiii...

The breaker leaked in white liquid and thick smoke started to come from out of it.

“The breaker will explode in three second! 3! 2! 1!”

The breaker then started to glow in a red light. The entire place was lit up.

Boomm!

Pong pong! Pong pong pong!

It started glowing and then made a gigantic explosion.

Pong pong pong!!

Everything was being affected by the explosion.

Anything that the light of the breaker reached was being destroyed. Nothing was safe.

“Ahhh!”

The trail of light couldn’t be avoided and anyone in it’s way would get affected by it.

Jjjjiiiii...

The light spread across the place until there was nothing left.

Whiii...

It was insanely bright. After the light finally disappeared there was liquid from the breaker everywhere.

“Phew...”

The breaker had finally finished and the Daehyeon group were ready to start anew. The special liquid in the breaker covered up to 30 meters of ground and was still slowly spreading even though it was finished. A big explosion like that took up a lot of its gas and energy.

“Phew... Everyone stay on alert! There’s still a lot of heat coming from it!”

“Yes, sir.”

Everyone was walking away but one of them then tiredly wiped the sweat off of their forehead and took a look back.

“Huh?”

Page Three 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 98: Page Three 3




“What are we going to do?!” The boss said as he fell in deep panic. He can’t believe that someone managed to steal their breaker.

“It caused a breakdown!” He shouted. A loud siren went off and they also heard a strange sound coming from the lab.

Jjjiiii....Jjjijiji...Kwang....Kwang...

It sounded like something sharp and heavy was hitting the ground. It was accompanied by a weak red light shining down the hallway.

“Unbelievable...” He said that out loud and he quickly covered his mouth. He was so shocked as he had never seen anything like that. He wondered if he was having a nightmare at the moment.

He walked by the giant glass tube and stared at it. He didn’t mind the background noise behind those experiments and he wondered how scared could they have been.

He quickly turned his head and looked at all of his workers preparing as the alarm went on. He wanted to tell them that they should escape immediately but he didn’t have the strength to open his mouth at the moment. He just watched them as time passed by.

‘If I stay quiet then I could live on.’

After that, he went to his employees and he sent them a signal.

However, there was a problem. When he was about to give it to his men, he saw something strong with his vision.

“Huh? What’s that...” He said but he wasn’t able to say anything else. His jaws were completely frozen.

Swoosh... Swoosh...

Both of his arms and legs suddenly felt weak as soon as he got shot in his neck and started to bleed.

“Ahh!” He managed to let out a shout.

“Huh? What’s going on!?” One of the other employees yelled and everyone else then looked over to see what was happening. Everyone then screamed in fear as they went to their chambers to load themselves with their weapons.

Despite their efforts, what they needed the most was a good plan to escape.

“Hurry!” The boss yelled and then another employee was shot.

“Everyone! Let’s get out of here!”

***

-Why did you do this? Now, they’re running around like a bunch of beetles.

-Because it’s fun to watch them run around like a bunch of beetles.

-Are you a child? Only a kid would enjoy something like this.

-Well, you’re the one watching dramas all the time...

Jaehwang replied to the spirit’s mocking before he walked down the hallway. They could see all the chaos everywhere as everyone ran around and screamed in terror. Both of them felt that there was someone strong hidden in that bunch but Jaehwang just brushed it off. Something must have been going on in the laboratory.

There weren’t any practitioners left but they saw a bystander. He wondered if someone like them could come back to life but that idea didn’t make any sense.

-Wow!

Jaehwang then started to run as soon as he saw a partition coming down. He passed by three partitions as he ran and ended up in an empty spot, but that didn’t make him stop. He upped his speed until he saw an opened vent.

He even encountered the same obstacles as he pushed through. It got a little tougher to now he got that far but he still went on.

The height and its width were just about one meter but that didn’t slow him down. He seemed to be running randomly but he had a clear destination in mind. It wasn’t difficult as it wasn’t much different from anything that he’s done before.

-We’re almost there.

What he had in mind was the secret underground basement of the laboratory, and although that was the worst place to go, it had an exit that he could take.

-Go down and then go right, there are two people there! One of them is kinda strong!

-Okay.

Jaehwan then went through an opening and activated his [Tiger Hunter] Skill.

“Ouch!”

He jumped out and landed on someone who was running as well.

“W-what?... Who?”

“Because of the shutdown protocol, the ventilation system seemed to be out of order!” Jaehwang said as a cover-up.

“Ugh, nevermind!” Jaehwang said and he continued to run. He then went into a room and looked inside for a few documents.

“Spare me! Take them instead please!” An employee shouted in fear.

“Sure.” He got a case of documents filled with rare information, that’s what he was looking for. He got up to his feet and left the man alone.

***

“Boss! Hurry, we have to go faster!”

“Alright,” The boss replied with a calm demeanor. They went onto the elevator to get to the bottom floor. His legs suddenly felt weak as it became a little bit harder for them to breathe.

“Huh?” The employee saw someone standing by at the elevator. He didn’t seem hurt to anything, he was just standing there.

“What are you doing?” A guy said to him in a low voice. The one standing there seems to be pretty young. The sound of his voice seemed to be belong with someone who’s in his early twenties...

“You... Where are you running off to? Why are you going to the top floor?” The boss shouted.

The guy standing by the elevator was Jaehwang who then replied saying, “Me? This is my job.”

“Haaaa? Hahahahahaha!” The boss gave him a laugh as a reply as he saw him holding a set of documents in one of his hands. They didn’t know what he was planning but they were soon about to find out.

Teukteuk...

“Huh?” They took a few steps closer towards Jaehwang and they felt something slippery.

“W-what’s this!” He felt an intense pain in both of his eyes. It got harder to breathe until he was completely swamped by it.

Pong!

He couldn’t see anything coming. He just felt a giant explosive blow at the back of his head that crashed him on a nearby wall. He then rubbed his eyes in an attempt to see what was going on.

Pong... Pong...

Two arrows flew into his heart and he aimed to kill that employee for a reason. The boss then stepped back as he screamed in terror. Everything happened so fast, he had no idea what just happened.

All that he saw was the intruder’s hands dripping in blood as he stood in front of him.

“Ahhh!”

He thought that he would be calm about the the though of dying since he had lived a full life but his employee’s death changed his mind.

“S-spare me please!”

“Why should I spare you?”

“B-because...” He was too scared to speak as he knew that his reason won’t be that good. He didn’t want to say anything to make the situation worse. If it that was possible, that is. “I... I am a man of great wisdom! If I die then this organization will be-”

He couldn’t finish his sentence. He could already tell that his answer wasn’t doing any good.

“Really? Well then, can you tell me what’s going on here?”

“I can’t. I can’t tell you!” He instinctively said before realizing it. “W-well, I know a lot of Daehyeon group secrets!”

“For example...?”

“Well... Uh... We...”

Jaehwang wanted to know about the relationship between the Daehyeon group and the Samjeon church, but he knew that he wouldn’t get any answers that easily. If he could get something out of this situation then it would be easier to take them down.

Jaehwang then smirked and said, “Is your organization a parasite to the people of the Samjeon church? If not then what kind of connection do you have with the events that recently happened in Justin point with the Oaks??”

“Well I... I don’t know...” The boss lowered his chin and continued. “I’m a man with very limited outlooks and thoughts... I don’t have a reason good enough for you to spare me.”

Jaehwang then took a few steps closer to the boss who then stepped back and shouted, “That situation has something to do with Japan!”

“Japan?” Jaehwang asked.

“Yes! The Japanese empire worked together with the Chinese and they made the Oaks stronger so they could attack Justin point.”

“What about the Samjeon church?”

“The Samjeon church leader and his followers played a very important role in the entire situation and with the Daehyeon group... I-I.... I have evidence!” The leader said as he shut his eyes. He couldn’t take back the secrets he just revealed.

“Hm... Then tell me. What makes you such an important person?” Jaehwang asked and the leader then shouted,

“When this secret laboratory is destroyed and when they make a new one, I will be resigning from the leader position and my brother would become the vice chairman of the Daehyeon group!”

“Good. I guess I’ll spare you.” Jaehwang said and the leader sank to the ground in relief. Jaehwang then turned around and walked into the elevator. He gave him a last look and said, “Aren’t you gonna get in or what?”

“Oh... That elevator leads to the main floor...” This elevator had always served as his safe place but he didn’t feel comfortable with him in it. “Well... I-Okay...”

“Let me operate it at least,” the leader said as he swiped his ID and typed in the secret number after he got inside. The laboratory closing protocol was still going on and everyone was still rushing around.

Ding~

He pressed the button to the first floor and took a deep breath. “I won’t kill you and that means... Bye...”

“?”

Pong!

Jaehwang kicked the leader out as soon as the elevator door opened. He was thrown out but he just lifted his head and looked back to him in shock.

“Ahhhh!!” He was confused as he asked himself if he was trying to kill him. Luckily, Jaehwang just walked away without a word.

It was pitch-black and Jaehwang then felt something sharp on the ground.

“Ouch...”

Page Three 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 99: Stronger




Jaehwang had returned to their HQ and he had more than enough materials to spare. There was plenty for him and the leader who helped him complete their mission.

There were able to hack through their systems but Jaehwang have been caught on the security cameras while he was there taking their documents.

That was a huge advantage for the Daehyun group but, they didn’t have to think about that at the moment. Gwanjae would be able to solve it himself.

Mr. Hwang then said, “It’s good that we have ourselves on standby if not, things could have gotten terribly wrong.”

That information was obvious.

-That evil old man, he probably tried to sabotage you!

-Maybe.

He replied to the spirit, thinking that his reasoning was just enough. He was already lucky enough to even make it out alive without much trouble.

“Granddad, where are they?” Jaehwang asked. He looked a little tired even though he just took a break earlier.

“They’re fine but it’s just a bit complicated. It’s also because I’m currently training your friend as well.”

Jaehwang shook his head and replied, “I understand. I’ll get back to training as well...”

“You just finished a mission and now you’re immediately going back to training?” Gwanjae asked.

“There’s something that I realized on this mission. I need to take some time to think.”

“Hm. I see.”

They gave each other a nod before Jaehwang left the room. He had packed some medicine just in case but he never had the opportunity to use it. He wasn’t even tired or stressed after his mission.

What was currently right in front of him was perfect. He looked a little tired at the moment and there was a tiny unnoticeable wound on the leg of his armor. He took a deep breath and murmured, “I thought that was what I really wanted.”

If Gwanjae wasn’t keeping a close eye on him then maybe he could have done more. He could have completed the assassination like he almost did. They didn’t always see eye to eye as Gwanjae was in his 50s and Jaehwang was just in his early twenties. It would be obvious that they would have different opinions sometimes.

Jaehwang went to the training center in the basement of the mansion. It was different than where he would usually practice so took he took his time to adjust before he started training.

-Perfect.

The spirit was also able to finally relax.

-What do you think? Isn’t it great for training?

The room was now much more suitable after he rearranged it. All of his training was surely paying off as he had caught up for 11 monsters so far.

-Do you need to rest to refill your energy?

-Not really...

Jaehwang replied. If the spirit had used some of the material he brought with him then her magic could be stronger.

-Well, what are you going to do now?

-First I’ll practice my shooting before I work on my level.

-Good. But how much stronger do you think you can get? You’ve already gotten very strong.

The spirit asked.

-Well, right now it would be useless to think so but I’m sure you’ll get stronger too. No need to be impatient.

-I guess so.

The spirit was also waiting to get stronger but she still had a long way to go. They couldn’t waste their time rushing and stressing about it.

Jaehwang had been experiencing all kinds of side effects after his level up. The spirit’s magic improved but there was still more than she was capable of.

There was also a reason that Jaehwang was continuously aiming to get stronger.

-We may not have enough materials to continue on as we want. We have to really think this through.

-Do you think that something might go wrong?

-Maybe.

-Hm... I guess. We’ll just have to be careful then.

The spirit said as they just stood in the middle of the practice room. They weren’t sure how much time had already passed by. He just felt dizzy when he suddenly found himself glowing with energy from head to toe.

-It’s your inherited archery skills.

Jiijjiijiii...

The energy light lit up the training room and then disappeared. And after that, the Jaehwang’s skill status window appeared.

[New skill found.]

[New skill... ‘Inherited skill.”]

-Inherited skill (Unique skill)

Appointed to: Jeon Jaehwang

Effects

Skill’s energy: 0 percent

Jaehwang looked at the status with a confused look. He then asked,

-What’s this?

-It’s a skill that allows you to gather magic from other standard energies. It was used a long time ago by evil hunters who stole the energy of others.

-So... now... could I do that too?

-Not exactly. That skill is basically nothing but just an imitation of the real one. You might need a little help with it first. With that skill, people will admire you or fear you every time they hear your name.

-Admire? Fear?

-Yes. Your strength would increase whenever they think of you.

-Hm... I think I understand.

Jaehwang nodded. He didn’t completely understand it but he trusted what the spirit had just said.

-Okay then, shall we continue our practice?

-Wait, before that...

-What is it?

-Are you going to test out the magic you got a while ago?

-Has it been a year already? Okay, I guess I’ll try it out. Time has gone by so fast.

-Great. I’ll get ready.

-Should I use it now? Your magic had already reached its limit.

-At that time when you explained something about my arrows, there was something that I realized. I think I know what I need to practice today.

-Okay. How long do you think it’ll take to master?

-I don’t know.

Jaehwang replied. He wanted to finish up first and then see how things go.

-I would tell you if I could but I can’t... But I can promise you something. No matter how long it takes, it won’t be more than 7 days. If it’s any more than that then you would be in danger.

She actually didn’t think that Jaehwang would be able to last up to seven days but after everything that they’ve been through she soon realized that he could. Jaehwang had the fortitude of a monster.

-Phew... Well then, I’ll get ready. You don’t think I could go in like this, do you? I have to practice as much as possible too.

-Okay.

Jaehwang replied. The spirit then went back inside of him.

-I have a few things that I have to master. This is going to be very surprising.

***

Ten days have passed.

“Ah...”Jaehwang got out of bed and stood up while stretching. The atmosphere felt lonely. He felt tired as soon as he just woke up. He reached over to the table for a bottle of water as his mouth felt very dry. “Cough... Cough...”

He felt a hand patting his back as he coughed.

“You idiot! Didn’t I say seven days?!”

“Huh... There was nothing I could do...”

“So you’re going to endure it for ten years? You’re unbelievable. You have to be careful... You’re crazy! What were you thinking?!”

“There’s nothing to worry about, what are you saying... I’m... fine” He could even barely talk with all that coughing.

“Is the country aware of this?”

“Of course.” Jaehwang looked over and saw a lady standing on the other side of the room.

She looked to be in her early twenties. She had a pretty innocent appearance with her pale white skin, a slim figure, and a long beautiful dark hair that reached down to her waist.

“How is the practice going?” He asked.

“Well first... Are you sure you don’t see any difference?”

“What do you mean?”

“Hm.” The spirit then walked towards Jaehwang.

“Do you know how much work and pain it took to create this body?”

“Oh, good job. It’s pretty.”

“What! Pretty? That’s all??”

“Uhh..” Jaehwang replied nervously. She was very beautiful. She looked like a lady from a movie.

“Forget it.” The spirit said.

Jaehwang then went and changed out of his training clothes and left the room.

-Where are you going?

-To eat.

Even though he didn’t pack any food with him there was something there to eat every day.

The status window then appeared and explained his new skills along with his other skills as well. He went up just one rank but he was not closer to the 7th rank.

Status window

Name: Jeon Jaehwang Rank B, 10/1 level, 23,500/1,000,000 exp

Strength: 7

Speed: 8+4

Stamina:8

Sense: 10+2

Consciousness: 12.25

Energy: 1,030/1,030

Resurrection Energy: 14

Archery skills (Real skill)

Effects

Strength: 1

Speed: 2

Sense: 2

Strength 1.5

Unique Skill:

Tiger hunter skill — Rank 13, 28 percent

Archery skills — Rank 12, 11 percent

Unique arrow — arrow

Exploding arrow — arrow

Guided arrow — arrow

Strong arrow — arrow

Common skill

Cooking skill — Rank 7, 11 Percent

Quick resurrection skill — Rank 9, 92 Percent

-Now I think I could fight against Gwanjae and win.

-Really, you’ve improved that much?

-I think so.

Jaehwang replied.

She knew that Gwanjae was very strong. Even years ago when Gwanjae was younger, he was considered as one of the most powerful hunters around. No one could compare themselves to him.

Stronger, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 100: The Scheme




No one was there when he arrived at the diner. He then looked at the time and realized that the lunch break was over. Jaehwang sat down at a table and ordered a serving of chicken porridge. It was the first time that he had eaten a real meal in a while after all this time.

Ding!

Someone then came in through the door of the diner.

“Where is that idiot!” He turned his head and saw Jaehwang. He still shouted as he left. “Ugh! That dumbass!”

Jaehwang then looked ahead to see what was going on and saw Dongchul. He looked very tired, lost and confused. He then seemed to notice Jaehwang looking at him.

“Oh, hi again. It’s been awhile.”

Jaehwang said and Dongchul then replied. “Huh? “Hello?” you’re going to get it!”

He charged at him. He ran through the door of the restaurant and all the way towards where Jaehwang was sitting.

“Don’t try to take back what you said!” Dongchul’s fist was then surrounded by a black ball of energy. Jaehwang jut remained in his seat and paid him no attention, he had already sensed what was happening and he’s ready to block it if necessary.

Click...

He trained in the same training room he was currently training in so he knew all of his moves. Dongchul then slammed his fist onto the table and he used his free hand to send Jaehwang flying into another table.

“What the heck are you doing? I’m just trying to eat...” Jaehwang said as he picked himself up. He was still holding his spoon in his right hand.

“What am I doing? What have you been telling Gwanjae?! If that’s what you think of me then this is how I’ll be!”

“Are you talking about the training?”

“The training? Is that what you call training?! I’ll show you the training and we’ll see how you like it!”

Dongchul shouted and Jaehwang just smirked. “I guess I’ll just have to teach you a lesson.”

“Huh?”

“Since you think you can teach me a lesson then maybe I can teach you something too.”

“Whatever ” Dongchul shouted back to Jaehwang. He thought that if he could survive Gwanjae’s training then he could easily handle Jaehwang.

“Shut up and take a seat. I haven’t eaten in ten days so I need to eat right now.” Jaehwang said.

“So you don’t want to fight? Have you gotten stronger?” Dongchul asked but Jaehwang said nothing in reply and just ate his food. Dongchul then went and sat next to him. He had a big frame making the chairs look miniature compared to him. “Are you done training?”

“Yeah...”

“What the hell happened to you these past days?”

“I had no time to eat.”

“You should have come back to visit me more often.”

“I didn’t want to disrupt your training with Gwanjae.” Jaehwang replied as he ate.

Dongchul smiled and murmured, “I see...”

Jaehwang then finished his food and went back to the counter. “Could I have another serving?”

“Sure, wait right here.” Jaehwang handed the female employee the bowl. The place was pretty empty so getting another serving was no problem for her. He thanked the employee and returned back to his seat with the bowl full of food.

Dongchul then asked him, “It seems that you’ve gotten stronger.”

He asked after thinking about how he dodged his attack while Jaehwang continued to eat.

“Can you teach me?”

“...”

“Don’t be surprised. Gwanjae’s training is terrible and I’ll do whatever it takes to avoid it.” Dongchul said. Jaehwang nodded his head in reply. Gwanjae’s way of training actually suited Dongchul quite well. It was the best way for him to become a master.

He kept eating to avoid his questions but he continued to ask.

“What kind of skill did you gain?”

“Uh, well...”

“Congratulations.”

“Thanks.”

Dongchul just sat in his chair as he seemed to have calmed down even if there was no reason for him to be angry in the first place. He chose Gwanjae’s training for him and he had a good reason for it.

He could have surprised him if he had trained a bit more. Jaehwang knew that and that’s the reason why he asked his grandfather to train him.

Jaehwang continued to eat and he was soon satisfied. After starving himself for a few days, it took some time for the food to actually fill him.

Tak...

Jaehwang quickly put his spoon down onto the table.

“What’s wrong?...” Dongchul asked.

“I have to go to the bathroom.” He then quickly walked out of the diner.

***

“Phew... Great.”

“It’s only a small achievement.”

“But, it’s good enough.” Gwanjae went to Jaehwang in his office and checked in about the situation.

“Everything was great but your speed didn’t match up. Even though you trained for an entire ten days, I checked the improvement of your strength and now you seem to be much better at managing it...” Gwanjae’s words weren’t simply just a compliment. He was actually very curious. If Jaehwang was him he would be interested too.

“Should I teach you?”

Gwanjae then smiled at Jaehwangs question. There was no way he would learn something from his lessons, but he was going to give him a chance anyway.

Click

The office door then opened and Mr. Hwang walked in. His expression was a little dull.

“Father,” He said to Gwanjae.

“Hm?”

“There’s a very important meeting going on right now that needs your attention.” Mr. Hwang said with a serious expression. Gwanjae then stood up from his chair and asked,

“What’s going on?”

“It’s a very important situation,” Mr. Hwang hinted as if Gwanjae would already know what he’s talking about.

“Did you already release the information? Have you checked it already?”

“There are guards on standby.” Mr. Hwang replied. Gwanjae then looked back at Jaehwang and said,

“Come with us.”

Jaehwang nodded his head and followed Gwanjae and Mr. Hwang out of the office. They walked into the meeting room and they were welcomed by four people sitting on their chairs.

“Shall we begin?” One of them asked.

“Yes,” Gwanjae said as he took a seat.

“Jaehwang, the data you’ve brought back is currently being examined so while that is happening, we’ll keep an eye out for the other matters that may need our attention.”

“And also...”

“Yes, all of it is being examined as we speak. We have received some great attention from the stock market and from our investors. The company that we had established in these past five years is now exploding in success.”

“But, what are those guys in the Daehyeon group planning?” Jaehwang asked.

“They’re secretly gathering some materials to increase their stocks. Our team has already arranged an event in one month so we could have more options.”

“Is there an expected amount to receive from the stock market in our country?” One of them asked.

“The expected amount is around 34 million.” Mr. Hwang replied.

“Hm...”

“Is there anyone of us close enough to use their connections to the Daehyeon group?”

“Maybe the investment company’s vice chairman...”

Everything was then quiet for a moment.

“We’ll have to speak with him. Everything’s going great so far. Keep doing what you’re doing.” Gwanjae sat back in his chair and placed his hands on the armrest.

“So, we have to get close to the president of the team, Lee Hyeongyu... Does anyone have any ideas?”

“That will be quite difficult.”

“Ugh, Hyeongyu... I hate that guy!” Gwanjae shouted.

Lee Hyeongyu somehow easily became the president. He lacked a lot of things but he still won over the people. However, after he became in charge, he didn’t do the things he had promised and he had gained a terrible reputation.

“If we can get on the good side of their president, we would be able to give the Daehyon group a good beating.”

“Right, then we can get some inside information and come up with a plan to attack them.”

“By the way, is Japan still involved on their side?”

“Possibly. Japan received a lot of funds after their victory. They also sent undercover soldiers to steal some gears from the training center in Justin Point.”

“The country is safe for now due to the aftermath of the attack on their secret laboratory, but some are still in hiding.” Mr. Hwang said.

“I thought that that one room was destroyed.”

Gwanjae made a mistake. If he had considered what happened in Justin Point then he could have avoided this kind of disaster. They had a lot to take care of.

“Wait!”

“Yes, Gwanjae?”

“Do you have a plan?”

He stopped to think for a moment and then replied, “First we’ll have to plan our timing very carefully. The fastest way would be to find some supporters, however, we can’t settle with Justin Point in their current state. We’ll have to only accept the best we can receive.”

“Is there a support term we can get?”

“From what I’ve calculated, we should be able to get a two-month term. But remember, the situation turned into this due to the country’s support and the mistake in the situation. It’ll be hard to avoid any damage on our side.”

The Scheme, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 101: The Scheme 2




“Mr. Choi!”

“Yes?”

“What do you think of this?” Gwanjae asked and Mr. Choi replied,

“What are we going to do with the Japanese?”

“What do you mean?”

“They are very powerful, too powerful for us to deal with for now,” Mr. Choi said and he was right. They would have to plan things through thoroughly if they were to try things out.

However, Mr. Hwang nodded and replied, “They’re wary of everyone else except for our president. We should hold off our plans for now.”

Gwanjae got angry as soon as he heard his words. It really didn’t seem suitable for them to team up with the president anyway but there was a probability that they would if they were to follow their original plan.

Gwanjae began to doubt their plan for the first time.

“This will be a fight for money and power,” Mr. Hwang said. Everyone then sat in silence for a moment. They knew that they just had to keep their heads up high and do the best that they could.

Jaehwang raised his hand and broke the silence. “Grandad?”

“Yes, Jaehang.”

“Would it be enough if they would receive a fall on their stocks?”

“It should be.”

Those stocks were their lifeline and they kept a close watch on their stash as their enemies. It would have been much easier to schedule a meeting and make a few deals if the others weren’t out to destroy them.

They had it easier compared to what they had before but the attack on Justin Point showed that they still needed to be very careful.

“I learned about the stock market and investment during middle school so I have a pretty good understanding of it.” Jaehwang brought up middle school and everyone seemed disappointed.

“Do you have a good plan.” One of them asked.

“Yes!”

They all then gave him their attention.

***

“But there’s no way that we would be able to do things like that...”

“We’ll make it possible.”

“Make it possible?” Mr. Hwang asked with a confused tone. Jaehwang mentioned a land that was only available in a spot close to North Korea but it was a place that was presumably occupied by Oak soldiers. They could expect a lot of attacks in that area but that plan caught Gwanjae’s interest.

“Jaehwang’s right. If we have nothing then we’ll just have to create something,” Gwanjae said before he stood up from his chair and everyone followed his lead.

“Mr. Choi! Find us some support for this plan and calculate how much land we’ll need to make.”

Mr. Choi then instantly started to calculate everything and said, “There’s some good space near the area of Pyeongyang. It’s in a very good condition and there could also be some decent space near Seoul.”

He quickly calculated 1400 square kilometers of land. That was a lot.

Gwanjae nodded his head and replied, “Okay, we have to do this fast.”

“Right. We should be able to regain our lost funds in about one or two months.”

“Yes. But it’s not possible for it to be entirely recovered. We have to prepare for this big task.”

“We should be ready in a year,” Mr. Choi replied. One year was actually short in terms of the scale of what they’re about to do. They had to make that area completely uninhabitable for the monsters that sought to dwell in it.

“I see. We have to do this as fast as we can.”

“What do you mean?” Mr. Choi gave a confused reply at Gwanjae’s command. “The task is already difficult, I think one year is our utmost limit.”

“We have to destroy this draining Korean economy! We have to do this!” Gwanjae shouted and everyone stayed quiet for a moment.

“With that being said, I’ll take a break for five days. I expect this to be pretty draining, let’s take a break to prepare ourselves.”

“Fine!” Gwanjae replied. “Butler!”

“Yes, sir.”

“Get me the information on every clan on Korea. It’s going to be quite the fight and this time, we’ll be ready. Do you understand?”

“Yes sir, I understand.”

“Mr. Choi!”

“Yes!”

“Take this!” Gwanjae handed him a gold plaque, he took something out of his pocket and then shouted, “I’ll give you this power. All the energy that has been stored in this item is now yours. It should be fully transferred after three days or so.”

Gwanjae’s servants then immediately went to work. Mr. Hwang then said, “But, how are we going to get to the president?”

“What are you saying?”

“We’re gonna have to try to maintain our rights along with our strategy. We’ll put all our assets into fixing Pyeongyang and we’re going to need all the protection that we could get.” Mr. Hwang said and Gwanjae then stayed quiet for a moment to think.

He knew that the president was very sensitive about money. With that being said, he knew it would be difficult for them to find an option.

After thinking for a moment Gwanjae suddenly thought of something.

“Let’s be thankful to our soldiers,” Gwanjae said before he took out his phone. He tapped to find a name and then he proceeded to type in a number. It took a while but someone answered the phone with an unpleasant tone.

-Why are you calling me? Who is this?

It was a guy with a husky voice and he didn’t seem so happy about the call. Gwanjae just laughed and replied,

-You’re not using your Northern accent? Looks like you’ve really gotten the hang of Korean huh?

Gwanjae scoffed. He then explained to him their plan and the guy answered back with anger, saying,

-What are you talking about! Since when did I get involved in your plans!

-What do you mean getting involved? I’m just suggesting it.

Gwanjae said and he suddenly became silent.

-Should we just risk your suffering or should I move on?

-...

-Starting from today, we’re stepping out of our duty to protect the Korean government.

-What is this foolishness... How do you expect me to believe this?

-Haha. Well, I just don’t like his way of running things.

-Don’t make me laugh! Do you really think I’m going to believe this?

He didn’t believe in anything that Gwanjae had said. Who would ever even think to go against such a powerful person like the Korean president anyway? Their biggest obstacle was the Bileons but they could just destroy them if everything goes right especially the red angel which was the god object of their worship. It played a big role in their domination years ago but if the Korean government were to gather all of its soldiers and team up with Gwanjae, they would be able to destroy anything that would come their way.

-...I see.

Gwanjae simply explained to him their current situation. He didn’t explain it in depth but it was enough to make him understand and laugh as soon as he finished talking.

-I see. Do you really think you can pull that off? Hahaha.

-Yes, I do.

-Hm... Well, there’s no way you’ll be able to take that capitalist government. It won’t matter and all of your efforts will go to waste. Are you going insane?

He said to Gwanjae with a mocking tone. There were just too many people on the president’s side. Even if they got their most powerful hunters, they would eventually fail.

However, Gwanjae made him stop with a single phrase.

-South Pyeongan Province.

-What? What are you saying?

-To receive some stocks, we are going to use all of our strength to regain the Pyeongan Province. In two months! In just two months the president will be bowing down on his knees.

Gwanjae said and everyone fell silent. The guy on the other end of the phone then nervously replied saying,

-Is this true?

“Indeed.”

“Hm... Wait one moment. I have to talk to my team for a second.

-Okay.

He put down the phone and took a sip of green tea from a cup in front of him before he picked it up once again.

-We’ll do it for no charge!

-No deal. I’ll go bankrupt.

-Fine... Fifty percent!

-Hm... 50... Fine.

Gwanjae accepted his offer and they talked some more.

-You’ll have to protect and back us up as much as we need you to.

-60 percent! This won’t be an easy task, we can’t cause any damage to the civilians!

We can’t mess this up!

-Your team won’t need to attack. You guys just need to help us get close to the president.

Gwanjae replied.

-It’s going to be difficult but we’ll get it done. Besides

-Besides what?

-These guys don’t easily die. This is their specialty, we don’t have much to worry about.

Gwanjae said and the investor on the other end of the phone smirked with a hint of satisfaction.

Gwanjae then sat in a chair on the opposite side of Jaehwang.

“Jaehwang.”

“Yes, granddad?”

“Besides taking a bus, do you want to try driving a forklift?”

The Scheme 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 102: Reclaiming Territory




That night Jaehwang and Gwanjae practiced their skills, flashes of light came out every now and then along with the sound of their energies clashing with each other. They were on their way to Pyongyang and the road was not as simple as it seemed.

The area was covered in a beautiful streak of light but the ridge below was clad in darkness.

Soon, they finally arrived.

Everything there had disappeared over the years but although 60 years had passed, there was still high rise buildings that remained standing. There were also supposed to be a stream near the road but it was then covered in leaves after being left out for so many years.

“Examination?”

“Yes.” Jaehwang replied among all the white strings that came out of him. The spirit went ahead and examined the area.

“A lot of monster raids had happened here...” the spirit said.

It was a place well known for attracting countless monsters. The white strings that came out of him stretched further and gathered deep within the roots of a nearby tree. She couldn’t tell the numbers of monsters gathering beneath it.

“There are monsters sleeping nearby. They’re very vicious, I don’t want to be here when they wake up. It will be hard for us to reinvent the place with them being close but we can’t give up.”

They looked at the sky as one of their super scanners passed by. Gwanjae was flying in one of them. It had a machine gun just in case a monster gets in their way and he even had an escort team on standby.

—Main standby, start the securing strategy... Move into formation.

—Move!

Five super scanners flew high into the sky before they started to move towards their planned location.

“Deokcheon has been scanned, there were Dakosu monsters there. They look friendly in the Alousu but they’re actually very dangerous.”

“So they’re here.”

“We also need to have a good escape plan. Thousands of workers will be working and camping out here. We have to keep them safe... Jaehwang”

“Yes?”

“Were going to have to start planning a recovery operation in five days... Your level is much higher than mine. Besides me and some of the others, everyone else will stay. What do you think? Gwanjae said nervously and Jaehwang gave him a nod.

“You’re going to the highest of extremes. Aren’t you being a little too greedy?” Jaehwang asked and Gwanjae started to laugh.

“Haha, why are you asking me this?” Gwanjae knew it because of his strength increase.

Jaehwang was strong before but he was curious on just how much stronger he had gotten after leveling up. He planned to keep pretending that he didn’t notice but it was impossible not to notice.

Jaehwang currently had his second level hybrid license from when he just registered back in college. It was rare for someone of Jaehwang’s age to receive their hunter license so early and there’s a chance that his name would be well known when their plan comes into fruition.

“First let’s wait a bit before you guys get started”

“Yes, sir!” The others replied as Gwanjae spoke through the headset.

—The perimeter has been secured, get ready and drop the parachute!

—Parachute dropped!

All of the instructions were explained though their headset as the scanners opened up a square box down below. They were one meter long and three meters tall. The boxes then grew 30 centimeters wide and revealed a few sets of explosives inside of them. The pilot of the scanner pressed a button the carpet bombing began.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

Five scanners flew from the sky like an air show and the boxes exploded at the moment it hit the ground. The impact wiped away the trees and the ruins in its wake.

They heard a few cries of the monsters that they had bombed until the smoke had died down. The fallen leaves and the giant trees that covered the entire area was now in flames. A lot of monsters around them let out a painful shriek even though they were still yet to start their attack.

—Disgraceful. What is that?

—A Dakosu monster. They’re one of the only monsters to escape extinction from all of the others that came through the same gate years ago.

He learned a lot about the history of the monsters while he was in the academy and since then, everything had changed. The monsters in the Alousu and the Dakosu considered each other as enemies. They hated sharing their territories and there were some cases where they fought for it.

The humans prepared for their assault as the monsters took their time to recover from their blow.

However, their strength wasn’t so great in comparison to the numbers of their enemy. It was even a huge disadvantage for them to enter the narrow grounds of North Korea which was pestered by their kind.

“It’s been so long since I’ve seen this place!” Gwanjae stood up, he stretched out his arms and cracked his knuckles. “Jaehwang, is the bus ready?”

“Yes. All the weapons on there are also loaded and prepared.”

“Great. Well, let’s get started.” Gwanjae said. Jaehwang then nodded his head and jumped out of the flying scanner with his parachute with Gwanjae following his lead.

“We’re almost there!”

The flew through the air as they waited for the right time to open their parachutes.

“It’s been awhile since I’ve done something this exciting!” Gwanjae shouted.

[Skill activation]

Woosh...

Gwanjae pulled the parachute string and landed onto the ground. They landed in an area that spans 100 meters in diameter.

Jiiijjiijii

They heard the sound of leaves moving on the ground and soon, hundreds and thousands of animals began to appear.

“There’s animals all over the place!”

Everyone stopped and stood in place as that was the best thing to do in this situation. Jaehwang raised his bow and shot an arrow. It hit the monster but it didn’t do much.

Gwanjae then followed up and began his attack.

Jiijiijjjii...

Jaehwang’s hands turned red as he prepared to launch an arrow. He began to understand how his energy works and he was now able to use it now much better than before.

—Looks like that old guy planned something too. I’ll help.

[Archery skill activated]

Jaehwang started to glow. The red light that shone behind him made it look as if he had the wings of a bird.

[Unknown energy +1 Increase.]

[Unknown skill energy +500 Increase.]

[Unknown energy recovery rate +10 percent increase.]

WIth the help of the spirit, his skills had increased a few points and he could now much stronger blows. Even his arrows had grown strong.

***

[Territory Reclaim Project D-3]

Three days have passed since they had started their operation and things were going great so far.

Also, during midday of that day, the representative of the Korean Hunter Association made an announcement about the project. They praised the project and even said that they would hold an event to honor it. They also promised to help them renovate the area as well as to lend their hand with the tragedy that happened in Justin Point.

—That representative... He said that they would like to help with the renovation. Are we really going to trust him?...

Mr. Hwang said through the headset in response to the announcement. Everyone their own reaction towards what the representative had said.

***

The sound of an old miniature tree falling rumbled across the area right after it was cut down.

“We need to take out this weed.”

“Yes. We’re finally starting to see some great progress. We can finish up a little more and then prepare for the event.”

“Do we have to attend the event?”

“Of course we have to. Gwanjae would be angry if we all didn’t attend.”

“Maybe if we all don’t attend this one then we don’t have to worry about them bothering us with events like this in the future. Protecting this territory is already difficult enough.”

“Finally, his true colors have been revealed.”

Reclaiming Territory, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 103: Territory Reclaiment 2




They had been receiving a lot of support from the other clans ever since that announcement has been aired. The only problem was that they now had to worry about attacks since they’re plan has been let out.

The thing with the Daehyon clan was also a different one. They were much more vicious than the others.

“Is everything going okay?”

“The winter is over but it’s still cold and our clothing is too light.”

“Yes, the seasons are changing indeed”

The Daehyeon clan leader checked in on everything. He took the private elevator and went to the lowest floor of the building to check their protection system after he had a talk with an employee.

There were two men sitting on a sofa. Sitting on its right was a man with messy white hair and on the opposite side of him was a tall, young and a handsome guy with piercing eyes.

“Soungjae, how can the Daehyeon group stop this territory reclaim project that has been going on?”

He walked into the room and the bald-headed man began to speak first. The handsome one then answered, “It’ll be difficult. We have a lot of strong people but, all of them are not strong enough.”

“Haha, you guys work too hard. Our group doesn’t follow such stupid logic...” A young man asked in a mocking tone.

Lee Soungjae... He was the oldest in the group... He always showed great leadership since he was young, leading him to get the most praise out of all the group’s past leaders.

When Soungjae went into middle school, his grandfather set him on the path of being a hunter. At the time he wasn’t sure if it was the right path for him but, now he couldn’t imagine doing anything else.

His skills weren’t very good at the time but he trained with his dad every day and improved quickly over time. His skills were good as an athlete and from that point on, he got better and better until he became the leader of a well-known organization.

The road wasn’t easy to create this legacy...

He was the grandson of a world famous hunter but he wanted to make a name for himself. Although he admired them, he didn’t like to be compared to his predecessors. His father fully supported him and with his coming of age ceremony, he was given the honor of becoming the clan master of the Daehyeon group.

Soungjae then said, “They’ll move over here once they’re done fixing up Pyeongan. It seems that land has that much value.”

Even if they gained new land, they wouldn’t be able to move into it right away. They would have to think of a way to keep the monsters out if they chose to retaliate and if not, they would need to find a new place to go. With that being said, that project could turn out to be a bad idea.

“Hm. Looks like we still need to be careful for now. I haven’t said anything about this to the president yet. If they managed to fix it up, then...”

The Daehyeon clan had land on the North Korean side so they were happy that it wasn’t too close to their new territory project. But the entire situation didn’t matter to Soungjae anyway.

“Well, we have still have a lot to do. I started a new job myself, I’ll be helping with the gathering of the materials for our weapons and battles,” Soungjae said.

“What? A new job?... Was that your decision?” The old man replied with a surprised tone. His decision would also help those who were in the group. With a job like that, they would always be equipped with the best of what they need.

“It wasn’t me. I just suddenly received the job offer.”

It made more sense that he wasn’t the one who went looking for it but, it was still some good news.

The handsome guy then spoke after a slight moment of silence. “We do need materials at the moment so that’s great.”

“Yeah, but we still need to sort out this issue. When will you tell your dad? We’re getting our hands full here.”

Everyone then became silent as they thought of what to do. The Daehyeon group had a lot of monster artifacts manufactured for their team. The old guy then said in a quiet voice, “Well, with all the remodeling, they be able to resell it for over 20 percent more than the price they purchased it for. You really should talk to your father about this.”

He mentioned talking to Soungjae’s father who was the chairman but unfortunately, Soungjae still didn’t agree with that decision. Soungjae then quickly made another suggestion, “Maybe we can find out some more information on this first before worrying about anything.”

“Sigh...” The old guy just sighed at Soungjae’s suggestion.

That attack on their secret laboratory. They actually expected it to happen so much so that they had saved up some funds for that very reason. They were still debating if it’s still worth rebuilding.

After a while, their greed has been exposed. That’s all the reason why it was built on the first place, money. It was first located in an underground airfield. The facility had contained monsters possessing a variety of skills along with some humans. They also had a mechanism that helped them develop their weapons and improve what they had. They just had their problem when they started bringing the hunters onto the table.

The recruitment was smooth at first but soon, they kicked them out and abandoned them since they had fulfilled their purpose. The humans that they pushed out made the decision to join forces with the Bileons.

Things went well at first for the lab but they knew that it would all be gone soon. Although they were underground, they knew that they still had some problems that they would face. It was actually Soungjae’s responsibility to watch over the lab and do his best to keep it safe but he failed and that’s the reason why he didn’t want to tell it to his father.

“Do we have any leads about the person who broke in and destroyed the lab?” The vice president said as he walked in.

“Not yet. Someone broke in and destroyed it during the closing protocol. I think we would still need at least a month to figure something out.” The old guy replied nervously. He looked over to Soungjae make him talk, knowing they wouldn’t be angry with him because he was related to the chairman.

“Okay. I can see that neither of you knows pretty much nothing on this matter... Anyway, come on out here. It’s time for lunch.”

“I’ll go,” The old guy replied as he stood up from his seat before he left the room.

“Hey, sir!” Soungjae said walking next to him. The vice president was wearing a neat dark navy blue suit and round glasses.

“What are we you guys doing?”

“We just finished all of the follow-up surveys. His name is Jeon Jaehwang. Apparently, he had dated Han Sooji in the past. He went to an academy to earn his hunter license and that’s where Gwanjae met him.”

“Hm, he doesn’t have any severe injuries?”

“We’re not completely sure but it doesn’t seem so.”

“I see... He must be very powerful. I didn’t understand how this could happen at first... What type of hunter is he?”

“The investigation team is currently looking for that information. We’re very sorry for the delay.” Soungjae replied. They could determine that he’s very skilled. A lot of them had witnessed what he could do during that attack in Justin Point.

They tried to check the surveillance but they couldn’t find anything on there.

“Are you sure he’s the one that broke into the laboratory?”

“We’re positive. We checked all of the cameras and we found something.” Soungjae said.

“Really? Maybe you guys are onto something. Let me know when you find him.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Great. Now we have a lead.”

“Should we give up on the Pyeongan plan?”

Until then they were focusing on finding a way to thwart their plans.

“No, let’s keep up with that as well..”

“But we have to be careful with that one, they had him on their side,” He said in a nervous tone.

Gwanjae... He was one of the most powerful hunters in the world. He is a symbol of Korea and his history wasn’t anything to be ignored.

“They are powerful. We’re going to have to think this through. However, even the most powerful person can be killed with just a little poison.”

“What do you mean?” Songjae asked in confusion.

“I’ll explain it more clearly but in the meantime, prepare a chair for the Japanese clan master.”

“Yes, sir?”

The vice president left and Soungjae sank down onto his seat. He then walked over to a desk and opened one of its drawers. He took out a box and pried inside for its contents. Inside of it was an old black pill. Soungjae picked it up out of the box and spoke to himself,

“Something exciting will happen. He will meet his wife’s ex...”

After saying that, he placed the pill into his mouth and closed his eyes as he swallowed it.

***

Deuk deuk...

He heard a noise inside the forest as he enjoyed their party’s celebration. He turned his head towards it and then, he saw a trail of blood.

He only looked for a moment but then, something devoured. his leg and moved on to finish him off.

It looked like a lizard but it was 15 meters long and it had a head with multiple horns. It was a vicious monster with a poisonous bite. He saw its face with its reptilian eyes piercing at him as he blacked out.

It then lifted its head up into the air and came down like lighting onto its next victim.

“Ahhhh!”

Territory Reclaiment 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 104: Extra Kill




“Ahhhh!!!”

The monster planted its poison in the person’s leg and it left him there to die as he moved on.

Five minutes have passed, a strong dense smoke then came from its horns and spread across the area killing every plant and insect in its path.

It was a dangerous 6th tier monster and it had killed countless hunters that dared to hunt it. They all got killed when the monster’s fog of poisonous venom reached them. However, besides its poison, they are not that dangerous on their own unless they had come in large numbers. If one could find a way to maneuver around its ability, it would be possible to beat that kind of monster.

***

—What happened here?

—Looks like a monster was here.

—Hm.

Jaehwang took out an arrow and walked forward. He was wearing a camouflaged outfit and his face was covered with a hat. He set a trap onto the ground and flew up into the air as he surrounded himself with red energy.

—How long do I have to do this?

—I don’t know. Let me do some calculations.

He took his phone out of his pocket and opened its notepad. The spirit then said,

—Forget it. It’s already been past three days.

—What?

—I know but is setting a trap a bit too predictable?

—Maybe. But aren’t you too tired for anything else?

They’ve been doing a lot over the past few months so Jaehwang planned to make things a little simpler and easier at the moment.

—I guess so.

The spirit replied as Jaehwang got his feet back on the ground. He sat on a rock and looked at the directions on his phone.

“Has it already been three days?”

Gwanjae scheduled a forklift to come here in three days but it didn’t make it here since it got attacked by a mob of monsters while it was on the way. Everyone on the board got away except for one.

Jaehwang had planned to talk to Gwanjae about something that he thought of once he got back. It was something dangerous but he knew that Gwanjae wouldn’t be worried about that.

—We’ve run into 50 monsters and animals by now.

They were currently exploring the habitat where they could find them. They needed some experience for their calculations, those wild animals were pretty quick but Jaehwang wasn’t worried at all. He did a lot of studying about this area so he didn’t have to worry now that he came prepared.

—Let’s go find another one.

—This is boring.

The spirit complained but Jaehwang just got back on his feet and started walking without a word. He adjusted the trap to make it stronger and 30 minutes later, the spirit noticed something. It was something even bigger than the one staying still in its place as if it was frozen.

—Found it.

—Let’s see.

Jaehwang went closer and with the help of the spirit, they started their attack.

Deukdeukdeuk...

He pulled the string as far as he could and launched multiple arrows. Jaehwang couldn’t even see exactly what it was or basically anything at all due to all that darkness.

[Unique Strong arrow]

Swoosh! Boom!

The arrow flew through the air, leaving a trail of red energy behind as it went by before it reached its target. It left a beautiful cloud of red smoke where it landed.

They heard the monster scream.

—I think we got it.

—Really?

So many different kinds of monsters existed but when someone attacks, they would step back in fear. Those who still had the will to fight would just rush into battle to only be killed by a surprise attack from a prepared sly person.

The monster that he attacked was the one that caused that poisonous fog but fortunately, Jaehwang seemed to have already thought it through as pulled out a smaller arrow.

Pang!

He launched an arrow with the same red energy and it exploded upon impact.

Pang!

Kwang!

Pong!

It made its way into the monsters leg which made it bleed but that’s not what he aimed for. He made a mistake. The thought of running raced in his mind. He decided that he would but he changed his mind and aimed for its head once again.

Pong!

He launched 14 arrows, leaving his hands numb before he stopped to catch his breath. He loaded his arrows again since his raid was not over just yet.

—I thought it was still...

The spirit said. She looked around and helped him in his aim. It didn’t seem to have hit anything.

—Clearly, there’s nothing over here.

Watch our target closely. All of our attacks were unable to reach him and that’s the reason why we needed to set a trap first. He then checked his clan mark for the second time. Jaehwang took a deep breath and pressed the button on his headset. The spirit then shouted,

—These monsters are attacking me!

—Huh?

Something must have shown up if the spirit had to shout like that.

—Step back. I’ll take care of this...

Jaehwang said in a serious tone. He was completely focused as he planned for the perfect time to attack. Jaehwang then reached to the monster standby team through his headset.

—It’s Solo one.

‘Solo one’ was Jaehwang’s codename.

—Solo one, hello. It’s the team leader, Mr. Park. Is the raid finished?

—There’s a problem.

Jaehwang said and explained their situation.

—So I’ll have to go on alone...

—I see. Be careful.

The team leader replied. Jaehwang then went on to track down the spirit and the monster.

—Get me their location...

—Give me a minute... here.

The leader transmitted their location to Jaehwang.

Extra Kill, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 105: Extra Kill 2




“Okay, everyone! The raid is finished!”

“Yes!”

The leader shouted and everyone cheered. They had just completed the raid that involved a 6th tier monster. Everyone then went off to celebrate and rest after their successful mission.

They shared some of their souvenir photos taken during the raid and someone then shouted, “Why didn’t the alarm go off!”

“Those fools. They were supposed to make this as smooth as possible but they’ve let something like this happen.”

“S—sir?”

“Quiet!” One of their members tried to calm the leader down. He explained the situation to him but he clearly wasn’t in the mood to understand anything.

“But sir, what do you mean? The place that we escaped from was obviously occupied by monsters. We’ve done it twice so far, twice!”

One of the team members said and the leader looked at him with anger. The leader’s mood turned for worse as soon as they heard that they had succeeded in that 6th tier monster raid.

“What are you talking about? Clearly, we’re still a threat to that monster. We still have to keep an eye out and be very careful! Commander! They need to be disciplined.”

“What?” He asked in a confused tone. It was clear that he was talking about the regulation of the raid. It was the rule that they could have trespassed during that attack. The real problem was that they could have sounded that alarm.

The leader said that the escape plan that he had given was not followed correctly and a mistake like that could have cost them their lives.

‘What are we going to do.’

Obviously, it went well but nevertheless, a mistake is a mistake. After that mission, they did everything that they could to make sure that everything would be fine.

‘If we didn’t have the clan master’s support... Phew.’

The young clan master was recruited on the team last year. He was an adoptive son and a very skilled hunter at best. Without him, things would have been much more difficult.

“First we’ll have to keep moving but a little more safely this time. If we run into some monsters, we’ll just do a simple attack that’s strong enough to get rid of them so we could keep moving. Is that okay?” One of the team members said calmly to their leader.

“Sounds good...”

Swoosh Pang!

An arrow came out of nowhere and buried itself into the commander’s foot.

“I’ve been attacked!” The team leader shouted and the alarm went off. The team members looked around in panic at first until they rushed to get their weapons and shot everything they could see. The commander started to look more frightened.

Deuk deuk deuk.. Pong pong pong!!

Trees and rocks fell all around because of their indiscriminate firing.

“Everyone stop! Stop!” The commander yelled but everyone was too focused to hear him. “Ugh...”

The arrows were used as some kind of threat. They could come from anywhere and some could easily get terribly hurt or even die. Eventually, they saw the shadow of someone walking towards them.

He hoped that he would step on their trap as he got closer. His face was covered with a hood and he stood still.

“What’s going on?” He saw a giant bullet hole in the trap they set.

“There’s been a misunderstanding.” The team members were frightened the moment they realized that they had run out of bullets.

“Do I have to say it again?” The commander asked.

The arrows continued to rain. The team members slowed down with their attacks as they weren’t doing much to help.

“Looks like another accident happened. Maybe it was someone else who’s on a raid?” The commander said as they tried to see where the attacks were coming from. He then caught a glimpse of the weapon and he looked at it carefully to see who could it be.

‘It’s clearly looks like something from popular weapon manufacturer. Could it be a bow and arrow... if so, then it has to be a high ranked hunter.’

He couldn’t tell if it was someone young or older. If he had survived so long out there by himself then he must have been really powerful.

“What do we do?” One of the team members asked but even the commander was confused at this point.

“Well...” The best thing he could do was hope. The team leader then said, “You think there could be someone out there hunting a 6th tier monster alone? Nonsense!”

“Ha...” One of them said as he looked at the commander’s injury.

“What happened!?” The leader asked.

“He got hit with an arrow,” A team member replied as he tended to his commander’s wound.

The leader then wore a worried look on his face. The commander was a very skilled hunter. Without him on their team, they could find themselves in a lot of trouble in the near future.

“Will he be okay?”

They then heard voice colder than the winter winds of the mountain brush behind them.

“What’s going on here?” The team leader wore that frightened look again as he finally recognized that voice. “Uhh.”

The only thing that he could do was to answer with a nervous voice. Obviously, he had already forgotten that Jaehwang was on a solo raid, therefore, they didn’t think that he could be the one that shot them.

“What is the meaning of all this? The shadow asked.

“I see that you’re still being rude and bossy. Should I even ask what’s the problem here?” The clan master asked. He was wearing a weapon belt with a longsword in one of its holders. It was the most expensive and high ranked item that he had. He looked and the sight that he was seeing right in front of him was not a good sign.

—I think they’re confused.

—I know, they’re usually not this frightening. But it does seem pretty realistic.

Jaehwang replied to the spirit. It’s as if this situation belonged in some hunter drama. Everything was so melodramatic and scary like the ones that she watched on TV.

—How are you going to finish them?

—Hmmm... a lot of wastewater should do it.

He already thought of a plan. Jaehwang carefully concentrated and gathered his strength.

The strongest out of all of them was standing right out in front. Both young and old, the older one’s face looked riddled with life’s hardships and the other one looked at Jaehwang with a frightened expression.

Jaehwang didn’t have even the tiniest bit of worry on his face. He’s sure that he would be able to fight them off without a hitch.

—Let’s take it easy on them.

—If you say so.

Jaehwang replied to the spirit.

—The timing has to be just right.

—Okay.

Jaehwang planned for his perfect attack.

“This is harder than I thought.” The commander said.

A big pickup truck drove beside them and he then turned his head because he couldn’t believe what he saw.

“Un—unbelievable!” He shouted. He saw the big pickup truck and even Jaehwang was surprised when he saw who was driving it.

—What is he doing?

The spirit asked. It was Gwanjae who drove it.

He got out of the pickup truck and quickly jogged over to Jaehwang’s side. He was wearing a weapon holster around his waist with a sharp blade on his sides. He walked up to him and explained why he came.

Extra Kill 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 106: Extra Kill 3




Their worst possible outcome was about to happen so the commander fell onto his knees.

“Everyone! Honor Mr. Choi-Jin Han!”

Everyone then bowed to greet Choi-Jin, still afraid that he might attack them. They made sure to keep their distance. The young guy in front of them was the legendary person that they all recognized.

‘Please’

He begged and hoped for them not to get attacked. They knew the old guy from the history books when they read all about his great legacy. They tried to put on a brave face but it was too obvious that they were scared.

They even kept their distance, trying not to start any disasters with any kind of fight or conflicts.

“B-boss?!”

“What!”

“It’s Choi-jin, the strongest-”

Teuk... Teuk...

The man already went to action as he spoke. They ducked their heads to avoid their attacks and their boss then looked over towards Choi-Jin in disgust.

“Is he looking down to me?!” Choi-Jin said and his voice rattled the hearts of the hunters. “These people had the nerve...”

“Boss, we’re gonna make that legendary achievement this time, right?”

Gwanjae was a legend in Korean history and the one next to him was the same.

“Well, this guy has been up against many monsters...” Gwanjae said and Choi-Jin looked around at everyone. He didn’t notice anyone that fits the description of what he was saying.

“I don’t know. No one else here seems have that much experience.”

“These guys have lived through a lot, but they only have guarded gates through the most of their time. Are you sure that’s what you meant to say?” He asked with a confused tone.

[Strength]

Choi-Jin’s one word motto had something in common with Gwanjae. If its point was slightly different, then Gwanjae would fully support it but Choi-Jin can’t be persuaded.

“If that’s the case, then how did we get here? Was it because of the raid team leader?”

“Doesn’t it take a lot of courage to step onto the hunting grounds?” He asked as Jaehwang monitored everything. That was possibly one of Gwanjae’s commands.

“But didn’t we come here because it would be fun? Although it is quite dangerous...”

“Sigh...”

They went into the halls and sat down onto the floor as soon as they had some trouble breathing. It was still really dangerous around there so they had to keep an eye out for monsters. Fortunately, they had a healer with them so they would be ready if anyone gets hurt.

“Hm...”

One of the female hunters looked scared and dissatisfied. Choi-Jin noticed that and said, “What’s the problem? Is there anything that I should worry about?”

Choi-Jin took his long sword from his waist and waved it around to demonstrate that they would be fine, but then, something that they would never be able to forget happened.

Juuuwk!!

They heard something coming through the grounds and besides Jaehwang, everyone was clearly afraid. Choi-Jin then coldly said, “The commander being injured is already enough of a bad news, we can’t let anything happen to anyone else.”

All of the team members then rushed to get their gear without any hesitation and time to waste. Some others and the leader stayed by the commander’s side. The leader looked at the commander with tears in his eyes because he felt afraid and betrayed.

He regretted everything. He felt like he could have done much better to keep everyone safe.

When he turned his head to the commander, he turned stiff as a stone the moment their eyes had met.

“We have to be prepared,” The commander said as he handed him his axe.

He won’t be of much help because of his injury so he went inside the pickup truck to keep himself safe as everyone followed along with the plan that was told.

Choi-Jin looked over to Jaehwang with a grim expression. “I don’t like this. Show your face. Tell me who you are..”

“Okay, how would you handle this?”

Choi-Jin then closed his eyes. He then opened them a moment later and quietly said to Jaehwang, “I wouldn’t end it so bland like how it’s going now.”

***

Later that night, Jaehwang quietly walked into the air base. It was dark so he had to watch his step to prevent someone from waking up. He saw the construction site, he saw their usual assembled panels, bags of cement, and their sets of heavy equipment.

He walked further and saw the 3D printing crane. The printer was equipped with everything you could think of for the building. They used it in their clan because it was well-made and protected. They still weren’t being used in other foreign countries due to them being very expensive and dangerous.

‘I thought at least a few people from the clan would be in here.’

He looked around and saw that there are still a lot of things left unfinished and to be installed. Three bases were currently being remade so the clans set up a basecamp near the area for them to sleep.

Everyone was sleeping but he saw a guy with his eyes open and there seemed to be a red light surrounding him with its gentle radiance. Jaehwang had heard some stories about his clan before. He tried to remember what it was but he couldn’t focus because of his energy.

The guy then noticed Jaehwang and walked up to him. He then said, “Aren’t you quite popular around here?”

“Gosh, you’re so annoying. If you want to talk just say so instead of just staring at me like some sort of creep.:.” It was Dongchul. He was helping the clan in their project.

“Since you’re so famous now, can’t you like, earn a lot of money?”

“Just a but. I needed the money of course and also, thanks.”

“Thanks for what?”

“For being a good friend when I was just an orphaned kid.”

“You don’t have to thank me.” Jaehwang smiled.

When Dongchul and him went on their separate ways, he thought about him a lot and he knew that he had a hard time in the orphanage so he made sure that he would be there for him as much as he could.

“But, no problem...” Jaehwang followed.

He seemed uninterested and selfish to others but Dongchul knew that deep down, he was very thoughtful and caring.

Beep Beep

The air base siren suddenly went off and Jaehwang then caught a glimpse of something hiding in the darkness.

“They’re here...” He saw a helicopter in the sky with the Daehyeon clan emblem.

The helicopter landed onto the ground and they rushed out one by one with their weapons on hand.

Jaehwang then saw a familiar face among the crowd the of Daehyeon soldiers. Her long hair was blowing in the wind as she got off of the helicopter. It was Sooji and she held the hand of some guy...

“Is that Lee Songjae?” Dongchul asked.

“Yeah”

He already knew what his face looked like but it was the first time he had seen him in person. The spirit then said,

—How’s your anger going?

—I’m not going to make the same mistake twice.

—Good. Maybe you should try talking to him.

The spirit suggested.

Dongchul then walked next to him and placed his hand on his shoulder.

“I’m going to sleep...” Jaehwang said and Dongchul nodded. “Oh and...”

Dongchul wanted to say something but he shut his mouth the moment he saw his face. Jaehwang then continued,

“Be sure to say hello for me.”

Extra Kill 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 107: Him & Her




“Sooji.” Songjae said as he walked towards her.

“Oppa.”

“What are you doing?.”

“Sigh, the clan master position is so tiring. Anyway, I have to go, I have a lot to handle,” Songjae said with an exhausted tone.

“Okay and... About what you were saying before, I was really nervous...”

“Don’t worry, I have everything under control.”

“Of course, I believe in you,” Sooji replied. Songjae then gave her a hug and went back to work.

After he left, Sooji continued to enjoy the view of the air base but the air base she was looking at the moment wasn’t the one that belonged to her clan. She felt so lost these days.

‘Could he be alive.’ She couldn’t stop thinking about the tragedy that happened at Justin Point.

The arrows were everywhere. She was still confused and amazed at how he could shoot so many at that speed. He made it look like it was nothing but it should have been pretty draining. She didn’t understand how it became possible.

However, no matter how amazing his shooting was, his position was still devoured by the wave of Oaks. She can’t be easily impressed but she would always be speechless every time she thought about it. The Oaks was not like any other ordinary monster. It was almost impossible to fight them off.

Jaehwang was a very skilled archer. No one or no monster stood a chance against him except for the Oaks apparently.

‘There’s no one like him.’

She couldn’t see over the railing where she stood behind but she knew that it was Jaehwang who was shooting those arrows. He was someone she loved, she could recognize him no matter what.

She felt a sense of regret because of how things ended between them. She thought about all the memories they had made together and at that moment, she knew that she still had feelings for him.

She was in Justin Point at the time when the tragedy unfolded due to the Daehyeon clan’s secret mission.

She was badly injured due to an explosion in all of that chaos. There was a healer with them but the wound was too bad that there was only so much that it could do. She had to be taken to safety and afterwards, she was taken home by her parents. They took care of her but things haven’t remained the same after their greed caused them to betray her. She could never go back to being the obedient daughter that she used to be. At first, she was trying to avoid them but that was impossible in that situation.

The shadow of a guy then appeared next to her.

It looked like it was Songjae. Sooji felt bad as she was lost in thought thinking about Jaehwang. She turned to him and smiled nervously.

“Huh?”

“It’s been awhile, hasn’t it.”

Like magic, the person that she was thinking of showed up next to her and she unknowingly reached out her hand.

‘What am I doing?’ She thought to herself.

She was thinking of someone else but he’s already engaged to Songjae and her parents were impatiently waiting for their marriage.

“So, you’re engaged?”

“Yeah...”

“Congratulations”

“Thanks.”

“So, what have you been up to these days?” Jaehwang asked. To him, they seemed happy together.

“Just, this and that... What are you doing here?” Sooji asked.

“Me? I’m just here on a mission with the group.”

“A mission?” Sooji asked. She wasn’t surprised to hear it. Songjae knew that they would be there and he even mentioned it before they came.”

“Yeah, It’s dangerous here so be careful.”

“Okay, oppa.”

“Is there anyone here that you’re close with?”

“Not really.”

“Great. Be careful around here no matter who it is. Anyone that you would meet here is not trustworthy or safe to be around.”

“Got it.” It was clear that she should be careful and be wary of the people around her. A cold wind brushed by them and she then wrapped her arms around herself.

“Are you cold?”

“Yeah...”

“Wait here.” Jaehang then went inside the building and came back to hand her a warm heated pack. “Here you go.”

“T-thanks.” She took the heated pack and held it with both of her hands. Jaehwang’s kindness was surprising but it made her melt until he said,

“An action like this may give others the wrong idea and they could think we’re dating but I don’t think my girlfriend will misunderstand.”

“You have a girlfriend?” Sooji asked and Jaehwang nodded his head. “Was it the girl that I saw you with that day?”

He figured that she was talking about the time when he and the spirit had lunch at the diner in Justin Point. Jaehwang looked a bit unpleasantly surprised. “Uh, no. It’s not her.”

“Then who is it?” Sooji asked again eagerly.

He was starting to regret his choice however, it was the spirit who thought of that idea in the first place.

Jaehwang knew that lying about it was unnecessary and he hesitated, but he still decided to do it. He didn’t think she would ask who it was.

“Are you lying?”

“Huh?”

“Come on, tell me who it is.”

“...”

“I have to go,” Jaehwang said nervously.

“Oh, okay. Bye.”

“Take care...”.

Sooji waved her hands, Jaehwang then waved back and walked away.

***

Then...

Sooji and Jaehwang both looked back, taking their one last look at each other before they went on their separate ways.

A few hours soon passed and the workers went back on the construction site to finish their jobs.

There was a guy standing outside on one of the rooms in the building. The guy adjusted his clothing and walked inside to see Songjae looking through a pile of documents.

“Sir, there’s a situation that needs your attention.”

“Already? Alright, make it quick.” He replied as he placed his papers on the table. His assistant made him look at a video where he saw Jaehwang and Sooji talking.

“It’s her ex...” The assistant explained to Songjae. Songjae then took a deep breath and said,

“So that’s who he is. Why was he talking to Sooji...does he still has his feelings for her?”

His assistant then replied, “Are you sure? I mean, he’s really handsome.”

“He’s nothing special but, does he still have his feeling for her?”

“You mean if he still likes her?”

“Exactly,” Songjae replied with a suspicious smile. He thought that if he’s right, then he could use that for his plan. “Oh well, I’ll just get back to business. There’s still a lot left to do...”

His assistant could already tell he was planning something by the look on his face.

The plan obviously involved Sooji. Of course, he didn’t think that she would die because of it but his boss seemed to think about it deeply.

“Would you like to help me with the plan? I am your boss so...”

Songjae said and his assistant nervously asked, “I-I’m sorry but don’t you think you should think about this for a little first?”

“Have you forgotten what the Daehyeon clan came here for? Tearing down Pyeongan is our main goal.”

“Yes, sir.”

“We’re going to need some help from our Japanese allies. Give them a call.”

“Yes, sir.” His assistant left the room, Songjae then smirked and he took his phone out of his pocket to make a call.

—Sooji.

—Hi.

—Can you come to the constitution camping area for a moment?

—Sure.

Songjae then put his phone down and smiled with the same suspicious aura once again.

***

The next day, Jaehwang received a party invitation from the Daehyeon clan. The invitation was simple, each clan’s young rising star would gather together today at 9 PM. Maybe it was just a coincidence but the person hosting the party the Daehyeon clan’s youngest clan master, Songjae. It wasn’t just another simple drinking party. The country’s clans ranking from 1 to 30 were all invited and they would all participate in order to get closer to each other.

Jaehwang then opened up the letter and read it. He instantly knew something suspicious was going on.

—Isn’t it too obvious?

—It is.

There was a memory card in the invitation and it contained a video which he found to be very surprising.

Sooji was tied up in the corner of a dark room. She seemed to be unconscious but that’s not all. He heard a voice at the end of it.

[You’re invited.]

The video then ended with just those two words.

—He’s really something.

—Yeah

Jaehwang started to feel a little bit worried.

—Do you think you did something that made him mad? I thought he was a cool guy but he seems a bit crazy right now.

The spirit said. They were both worried and surprised, they never thought that Songjae would do something like this.

—Looks like it’s time to hunt a person.

He usually wouldn’t hunt down a person but Songjae was obviously an exception.

—Okay, what’s the plan? Should we set up a trap?

—Let’s go.

Jaehwang balled up the invitation and threw it onto the floor before he left.

Him & Her, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 108: Him & Her 2




That night, Jaehwang arrived at the place written on the invitation.

He opened the door to one of the buildings of the basecamp where the party was being held. It was called a camp and it looks like it but it was way different from the inside.

Ding...

A piece of calm music played throughout the room. The invitation said that the limit was just about 30 people but it looked like there were hundreds of visitors inside.

“Oh my gosh, it’s the leader of the Stardust clan.”

“Wow, there’s a lot more squad members and leaders here than I thought it would be.” He looked around the room and was amazed at how many nice things were in there.

He showed up a little later than the prescribed time. He was wearing a white traditional shamanist costume with the hood pulled over his head. He walked to the guard and gave him his invitation. The guard nodded his head and he was ushered inside.

“My name is Jeon Jaehwang.”

The host introduced Jaehwang and everyone crowded around him to chat. A lot of people surrounded him but he just ignored everyone and went to the empty side of the room.

“You’re here,” Songjae walked out of the crowd and greeted Jaehwang before they got surrounded once again. “Thanks for considering my invitation.”

Jaehwang nodded and replied, “You’re welcome. The invitation was very persuasive after all.”

“Haha, did you like it?”

“It looked really fun.”

“Really? If that’s the case then it looks like we’ll be the very best of friends.” Songjae replied with a smirk.

“I guess so,” Jaehwang said.

“Seriously? Does that mean that we’re friends now?”

“Sure, friend.”

A girl then walked next to Songjae and it was the girl he saw in the video of the invitation, Sooji. She walked up to Songjae with a smile and he wrapped his arm around her.

“Oh, this is my fiance, Sooji.” Sooji greeted Jaehwang while avoiding his eye contact. There were many people around them but it felt awkward for Jaehwang and her to look at each other.

“What are we going to do about this?”

—Careful, don’t get too angry.

—Is there something wrong about her?

—I don’t know. This feels like an ancient spell...

The spirit said. It was the first time she had seen that kind of spell being used after quite some time. It was also easy to notice because of the uneasy smell that it gives off. It reminded her of something from a long time ago.

—Be careful.

—Okay.

They were talking with each other when Songjae said, “Should we talk somewhere quiet? The three of us must have a lot to talk about.”

“Alright.” Jaehwang agreed to Songjae’s suggestion and the three of them then left the room.

They went out of the building to go to a different one a few blocks away. They got inside and went into a large room after they passed through a hallway. Sooji collapsed the moment they stepped in but Songjae didn’t seem to be surprised at all.

“You have some confidence to follow me all the way here... Is she that important to you?”

“I’m just curious about a few things...” Jaehwang replied as he walked further into the room.

The items in the room began to change its place one by one just as the spirit said. Songjae’s smile disappeared from his face and Jaehwang slightly moved his hand.

“Do you recognize this?” Jaehwang asked. He was surprised as soon as he realized what he was doing. At that moment, Jaehwang was using something that was apparently given to him by the Japanese clan.

“I’m not sure, but I’m curious... Who gave this to you?” Jaehwang moved a flower vase from a table towards the center of the room. It floated and turned upside down, causing the flowers and water to fall onto the floor.

Still moving the vase without a movement in his hands, Jaehwang threw the vase at Songjae but he caught it with the help of his fast reflexes before it could hit him.

Crash...

The vase glowed as he touched it and broke.

“You’re doing this on purpose, huh?” Songjae sad as he grasped the glass shards in his hand.

“Of course, your host came prepared,” Jaehwang said.

“Okay then, this will be fun” Songjae replied as he made some spikes appear and shoot from the walls. He knew full well that it won’t do much against Jaehwang so instead, he directed his attacks to Sooji.

—It’s a trap.

—I know.

He would have tried to run for the door but he knew that it would be locked. Actually, there was no longer a door the only thing that remained around them was four walls.

—This isn’t a spell.

—I know.

Jaehwang realized that it was some kind of a rare skill. He figured that he would have to break out of the walls to escape. Then, Sooji who had collapsed onto the floor began to stand up.

“Ouch...” She held onto her head in pain as she tore off her clothes. A knife then suddenly appeared in the middle of her palm.

“Sooji!” Jaehwang shouted, he immediately ran towards her to take out the knife on her hand which made her scream. “Hang in there, Sooji.”

Tears began to fall as soon as she opened her eyes and saw Jaehwang. “J-jaehwang... I-I miss you.”

Jaehwang then hugged her tight but he felt something strange before everything in his sight turned white.

***

“Huh... Ouch!” He woke back in the party room. His right arm and chest were stained with blood and there was a crowd of people stepping back with a surprised and frightened look on their faces.

“Sir!” Members of the Daehyeon clan rushed into the room.

“Call the rest of the members!”

“Huh? Ah, yes, sir!” The other members of clan began to gather after Songjae’s command.

“This guy harassed my fiance... I tried to stop him but it was already too late.”

“What?!” Everyone gasped. No one could believe it but seconds later, someone shouted,

“If he could do something like this then... Is he really on our side?!”

“I don’t want to believe it either but... we have trust and protect each other. We have to stand by your fiance...”

“Great! Let’s go!”

Everyone then left the room to find and console Sooji. Songjae smirked as he watched them leave. His plan was working perfectly.

‘So you thought you could go against me?’

Jaehwang fell into his trap the moment he walked into that room. He was distracted by that bit so he used that opportunity to cast a love spell that caused him to harass her.

‘Your reputation is now ruined.’

He even filmed the incident with his phone and he distributed it to the news channels so they could report it. By the time the morning comes, he would be known and treated as a criminal.

—Everyone is gathering outside.

Jaehwang realized Songjae’s plan. He didn’t think that his plan would be that cruel. If they came into the room and saw them without their clothes on, it would only make things much worse.

—Hey!

—Huh?

—What should I do? I need your help.

—How?

—First...

Jaehwang explained the plan to the spirit.

—Hm, I don’t like it. Can’t we just attack them?

—We can’t. They’re from the other clans and attacking them won’t do me any good.

—Fine. But you’d owe me a lot of snacks for this. Also, I don’t know how to do this so well... It’s not something I’ve practiced a lot...

The spirit said. Hearing that did cause Jaehwang to worry, but they had no other choice.

—Just think of it as a drama and that you’re the hero.

Jaehwang said.

—That’ll work! You should have said that earlier.

***

Tik tok... Ringgg

The bell on the door rang and the crowd of clan members rushed in.

“Stop right there!”

They saw the two of them holding hands as their energy surrounded the room. They couldn’t believe what just happened and when they reached the room, they started to doubt themselves even more.

“W-what’s going on here?...”

“What do you mean?”

The crowd of people then looked at each other with a puzzled look on their faces. There were only two girls in the room. They instantly started to doubt what Songjae told them.

“....”

“...What are you guys doing here?!”

The other girl shouted. Sooji then woke up, she noticed that she was wearing a white robe-like cloth with a hood over her face.

She looked around and noticed the crowd of people and the girl next to her. “Who are you?”

“Me?” The mysterious girl replied. Everyone else in the room was also confused about what was going on. “I am...”

Him & Her 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 109: Him & Her 3




Songjae sent a healer to help the clan members that had gotten hurt.

“Thank goodness it’s not that severe.”

“You’ve worked hard.”

When his treatment was finished, Songjae got up from his seat.

“The enemy containment room has completed. Even a tiny little ant won’t be able to escape it,” His assistant said.

“Great, but be sure that you would be guarding everything closely. Don’t be careless.”

“Don’t worry, sir.” He said and walked out of the room. Songjae then mumbled in a low voice,

‘What’s gotten into him...’

He said that not even an ant could escape but he wondered why Jaehwang was able to do so. He had already planned the next step to destroy him but he was bothered that his last scheme didn’t go as well as he wanted. Although it didn’t go too well, he had no regrets involving Sooji.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

“Ahhh!!”

Chaos suddenly broke out with everyone running around and screaming after the sound of an explosion. Songjae heard all the noise and smirked. He knew that Jaehwang was the only one who could cause such a panic.

‘This is much better than what I originally had planned.’

One of the clan members rushed into Songjae’s office in panic and asked him, “What do we do?”

Songjae hesitated for a moment but then he said, “Something strange is happening again...”

“Huh? What do you mean?” The clan member asked.

“I’ll explain things later,” Songjae replied.

“Okay but.. What about that situation with Sooji and that hunter?...”

“What about it?” Songjae asked.

“Well... no one saw Jaehwang anywhere nearby... There was only another girl there.”

“A girl?” Songjae’s face turned red with anger. Did he say it was a girl? How could that be when he only brought Jaehwang into that secret room. He thought that maybe they could have just mistaken Jaehwang for a girl... He does have a pretty and delicate looking eyes for a guy but he also had wide shoulders and was tall. He didn’t look like a girl at all.

“And...” The clan member was about to say something but hesitated.

“And what?” Songjae replied.

“...”

“What is it!” Songjae shouted in frustration.

“The boss wanted me to tell you to stop by his office.”

“What? Ugh...” After hearing some more bad new, Songjae only grew angrier. “Okay, that’s enough. You can leave now.”

The clan member then replied, “That guy is really strong anyway. You should be careful too...”

***

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

Another loud explosion shook the base camp once again and this time, it was powerful enough to tear through walls and break down its supporting pillars.

“Ahhh!!!!” Everyone outside the office screamed once more.

“Everyone, exit the building now!”

It was complete hell. The crowd of people that went to catch Jaehwang panicked and rushed out to save themselves. However, there was a long-haired girl that walked calmly down the hallway.

Little did anyone know that that was Jaehwang in disguise.

“Wow, your body feels so fragile. Is there even anyone weaker than this?” She said, looking down at her hands.

She then felt Songjae looking towards her, she got back in her character and she continued to walk down the hallway softly as she was supposed to do.

“Oh my gosh! The groom! What is he doing here? Did he come here just to escape?”

“W-who are you?!” Songjae shouted.

“Uhh, Aren’t you that girl’s fiance? Are you escaping without her?” She asked him.

“How do you know this...” Songjae looked around with a hint of panic on his face.

He then noticed that the rooms were all empty and everyone had already escaped the building.

“You fool! This is an illusion! You’re the one attacking everyone!” Songjae shouted. One of the clan members then ran and pointed a weapon towards the mysterious girl. When they heard his voice, everything then suddenly made sense.

“Wow, how could you think I’m just an illusion. How sad.” She then wiped her eyes as if she’s crying. That one clan member then dropped his weapon now that he felt bad.

“Well, I just...” The clan member said nervously stuttering. “She looks hurt...”

A sudden surge of energy then came out of her palms.

Pang!

Pong pong pong!!

“Argh!. My arm!”

The spirit used her magic to ram him against the wall.

Jeukk jeukk jeukk!!

The entire place was shocked to the ground and that added more chaos into the mix. It didn’t take that much from her since she’s strong enough to cause a disaster on her own.

“Die!”

One of the members of the Daehyeon clan then drew his sword. He didn’t really think they stood a chance, but they had to do something

Jaehwang was also strong but his strength won’t amount to anything if someone was fighting in his stead. With that being said, Songjae thought that there’s a chance that Jaehwang disguised himself in that girl’s body, he thought that he could easily overpower him.

After Songjae realized it was an illusion, he was able to think of a plan.

Teuk teuk!! Pang pang!

Another explosion had erupted, it threw all the furniture and all kinds of stuff into the air. He then used this opportunity to aim for the spirit’s heart.

He successfully stabbed her and before she closed her eyes, he saw the face of a certain male hunter reflecting from it. He thought that his attack worked better than he thought.

“Ha... It’s about time.” He said proudly. He then stroked her hair and noticed how pretty she was.

“Was that it?” The spirit said with a smile as she stood up.

“Haha...” Songjae let out a nervous laugh as he saw her walking towards him. He realized that he underestimated her.

“Well, I’d like to surprise you but I don’t want to be too hard on you. So you’re a leader and yet behave like a bachelor even though you’re engaged?... You better be ready to openly send an alimony check. Hahahaha.”

Everyone else in the room tried to hold back their laughter.

“Whatever. Just get out!” Songjae shouted. The spirit then flew through a hole in the roof and disappeared. “Ugh...”

All that was left was the mess in the party from all that chaos. Songjae then stared at the hole on the ceiling with a smirk on his face.

Someone then walked next to him. He was a young guy wearing one of the Daehyeon clan’s uniforms and he had red paint painted on his pale face. “That was some fight between you and your wife.”

The guy said and Songjae face turned red in anger. “We weren’t fighting. I don’t even know her.”

“Ooh, I see. Haha. For a second there it looked like the two of you were having a moment.”

“What are you talking about?! Nevermind, forget it,” Songjae replied in frustration.

“At least you’re still alive. I’ve never seen anyone with power like that. Did you even get her number?”

“Ugh. Do you think I got her number?” Songjae replied coldly.

“Haha, I see that you’re not in a good mood, sorry. So, how will you deal with this later in the future?” He asked. Songjae was only getting angrier at this point. He had to halt his scheme and resolve everything that had happened.

“I really thought that trap would work perfectly. Damn it...”

Him & Her 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 110: Sooji’s Death




Nothing was going well for him. The story from the press and other clans didn’t match up and it caused the people to doubt their claim.

“Assistant!”

“Yes, sir?”

“Bring Sooji here!”

His assistant then nervously replied, “She disappeared.”

“Ugh, that useless woman,” Songjae mumbled in frustration. Sooji wasn’t the type to just disappear without saying a word.

He then heard the voice of Sasaki, someone from the Japanese clan that his clan worked with.

“Songjae.”

“What is it?”

“I have a suggestion.” Songjae then looked even angrier and turned to Sasaki.

To him, the reason his plan failed was actually because of Sasaki. He wouldn’t be here to sort things out if she didn’t break the spell in the secret room. He was definitely not looking forward to anything that she would have to suggest.

“It would be a good thing for you to be cautious of what you say,” Songjae replied.

“Haha, wow, you seem really mad. I only have one suggestion and if you succeed this time, then maybe Jaehwang’s friend can be taken into the Japanese clan.”

Songjae then looked slightly shocked. Sasaki was a very important person in the Japanese clan and could recruit whoever she wanted if they were worthy.

“So you really think that’s a good suggestion?” Songjae answered.

“Haha, think what you want. But how is it?”

“It’s good. But, I’ll need Sooji’s corpse. Where could she have gone?” Songjae said, thinking out loud. Dead or disappeared, both were the same thing to him. He just needed to track the clan’s previous movements.

Sasaki then smiled as he heard his answer. “We’re in the process of tracking them at the moment. We also sent out our elites to assassinate...”

***

Jaehwang ran away with Sooji in his arms. They were able to slip away and escape with the spirit distracting everyone in the party. The biggest problem was that Sooji was left in a terrible condition. She was covered in blood and she had a difficult time breathing.

Jaehwang was taking her to an air base that was close by. He thought it would be quick and easy but he made a terrible judgement. The problem wasn’t the distance, but the people that went after him.

If he wasn’t carrying Sooji then he could attack them but he couldn’t. He had to run in many different directions to try to avoid them.

Swooshhh...

Something glowing and sharp suddenly flew past the side of his face.

—Careful, something’s coming from your right.

The spirit warned him and he quickly turned to the left.

Swooshh... Pong

He dodged two shots but was hit by two more that he couldn’t avoid. He got hit in the leg, he was about to fall but he was able to regain his balance as he pushed himself forward.

Pang pang pang!

He ran as fast as he could while dodging all of their attacks.

“Stop!”

Teuk teuk teuk...

Jaehwang was then surrounded with all that chaos.

He stopped running as it poses a threat for both him and Sooji. He then looked for the clan members that were attacking him. They hid in the dark with their black clothes and they moved like ninjas.

“You can’t escape from us. Give up.”

Jaehwang didn’t answer the mysterious voice as he continued to look around. He then felt someone stabbing him.

“If you make things easier for us, then that would be great.”

A male voice casually said. The spirit then shouted,

—Look out!

She warned him as dozens of people began to surround him. The spirit was able to sense their quiet and sneaky movements and she had a good idea on how to protect Jaehwang from their attacks.

—Hang on, I’ll get rid of them.

“This is the end of the line.” One of the people after them said.

It was true, they can’t run anymore.

“This is the end for you.” One of them said with a weapon in hand and Jaehwang just brushed it off with a laugh. Jaehwang saw a loophole in his weapon and technique so he was able to dodge it at the moment he tried to attack him.

‘I didn’t want to have to do this but...’

As the situation continued to get worse, he was left with no choice.

Jaehwang carefully put Sooji on his back. He refused to give up on her. He was about to try something he had been practicing every day. It was something that he hadn’t perfected yet but at that moment he had no choice.

—I have to try it. If I mess up then I’ll need your help.

—You’re really going to try it?

—Yes.

Jaehwang replied. The spirit decided to help although she was nervous as neither of them could be sure of the outcome.

—Okay.

The spirit said and took a deep breath before handing him an arrow that he instantly launched. One of the attackers shouted,

“Ha, you call that an attack?” They noticed that he made a mistake and so, they had begun to attack as well.

“It’s time for the finale...” Jaehwang said.

Whiii...

His body was then surrounded by a dense red energy. He gathered all of his strength and also begun his attack.

“Die.”

They noticed he was planning something so they shot a dozen of arrows at him.

Pang... Pang pang pang!!!

He got a few hits but Jaehwang didn’t even flinch. It didn’t hurt him at all.

“Shoot him again!”

Swoosh... Swoosh...

They shot another barrage of stronger arrows that engulfed Jaehwang’s position with a cloud of smoke. His clothes were ripped and his wounds were shown.

“New strong arrow!”

Swoosh... Swoosh...

Jaehwang used the arrows that he recently earned with his last level up even though he didn’t have that much practice.

Pang!!!

The moment he pulled back the string, a red flash came followed by a deafening explosion.

Kwang! Kwang kwang kwang!!!

The area was then covered by a carpet of explosions.

“Duck!!”

One of the clan members that went after him shouted. They all covered their heads and scattered as they tried to run away. The spirit then launched a missile-like arrow that chased them down.

“Ahhh!”

Pang pang pang!!!

The elite team that was sent to assassinate him turned pale as soon as they realized that they can’t block or even dodge his attacks.

“Captain!” One of them shouted as they got worried about their leader. The entire area was then lit up with a bluish glow.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

They heard that Jaehwang was strong but they were still shocked, realizing how powerful he actually was. There was now nowhere for them to hide. They were sent to assassinate him but the tables seemed to have turned.

“Stop him!”

They started to get worried as soon as their numbers fell one by one.

“This isn’t going well.”

“Ugh...”

They were clearly failing and would possibly end up having no choice but to retreat.

—Looks like they’re gathering together... This girl is so heavy.

Time was passing by and things were getting more difficult on their end as well. Jaehwang then overheard them talking and he learned that he was sent here to assassinate them.

—Kill him and destroy all the evidence....

—Yes, sir!

The others replied to the leader.

—He’s too strong! We’re gonna die!

—Just destroy him!

Jaehwang healed his wounds but he still sustained a lot of damage. But even so, he was still in a good enough condition to keep fighting.

He then launched something covered in flames.

Swoosh...

It was like a grenade disguised as an arrow.

“Darn it!”

“There was no way that they could dodge it.”

Then...

Swoosh...

Jaehwang then launched an arrow that hit the back of one of their soldiers before it exploded.

Kwang kwang kwang!

The area was then covered with a haze of dense reddish smoke.

Teuk teuk teuk...

Sticks and rocks were flying everywhere and Jaehwang quickly checked if Sooji was okay. She was bleeding from her eyes, nose, and mouth.

“...J-jaehwang.”

“Shhh, don’t talk. I’ll take you to a healer, don’t worry.” Jaehwang replied as Sooji struggled to speak. Her condition was only getting more and more worse as time went by.

Sooji’s Death, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 111: Sooji’s Death 2




“Can you give me a hug?”

“Okay.” Jaehwang carefully hugged Sooji.

“Being in your arms... It makes me feel a lot better...” She said with a voice filled with relief.

The spirit then shouted, “You have to hurry and save her!”

“Wait right here,” Jaehwang said.

The spirit tried to heal her but it wasn’t enough.

“The wounds are from the inside. We need to find someone else who can help... Keep fighting them off for now,” The spirit said. Jaehwang took a look back at Sooji. “I can keep trying but, I don’t think it’ll be enough. I’m sorry.”

Jaehwang tried to keep himself calm through all of the bad news.

“It’s cold.”

“It’s okay! Everything will be okay!” Jaehwang shouted while holding Sooji and she then nodded.

“No, it’s okay. Things seem too tough right now. I’m happy that I’m able to see your face again... It’s just how I remembered it.” Sooji said as she stroked the side of Jaehwang’s face with her hand.

“Just hang in there a bit longer!” A tear then fell down Jaehwangs face.

“I’m happy to be with you at least for right now...” Sooji said with her shaking voice.

“And thanks for all your help too” She said to the spirit.

“You’re not going to die. We don’t have to say goodbye right now.” The spirit said with a smile. She tried her best to keep a brave face to make her feel better.

“I shouldn’t have hurt you back then... I’m sorry... and... I love you...”

Those were her last words as her hand fell from his shoulder.

“No.” Jaehwang said quietly.

A dreaded moment of silence then came.

“No!!!!” He shouted with tears streaming down his face.

***

Jaehwang went back to the airbase and into the emergency center. He couldn’t give up on her.

“That idiot” The first person to approach Jaehwang was Dongchul.

“...”

Jaehwang didn’t say anything, he just kept staring out of the window as he sat on one of the hospital beds.

“Was it the troops from the Daehyeon clan?”

“It’s just an excuse. That Songjae guy really is the worst. How could he do this to his fiance...” Jaehwang then quietly said, “I guess I underestimated him.”

Jaehwang was in deep regret. He was overconfident. He thought that Sooji would still been alive if only he had been more careful. “Who were those people that went after me?”

“I’ve noticed some people who were connected to this situation. I tried to ask the nation hunter association about it but they were all unenrolled.”

“I just don’t understand it. I can see why they were sent to assassinate you but what would they want her dead?” Dongchul said and they then heard a deep voice.

“The people who tried to assassinate you must have had to be someone unexpected.” The guy said as he walked towards Jaehwang. It was Choi-han.

“Could it have been the Japanese clan?”

“Of course it was. Every clan competes with each other while the Japanese clan gets all the praise and attention. The Japanese clan’s treasury is filled with artifacts that they’ve taken from the others. They have something to do with everything that happened.”

He handed him a knife that had a lot of strange designs marked on it. “I found this, I think it’s from the ones that escaped.”

He was sure that it was something that they had attacked Jaehwang with.

—Do you think you could take a look at that?

The spirit asked Jaehwang who still haven’t said a word.

“Can I take a look at that for a second?” Jaehwang asked.

“Sure. It’s just a simple artifact but here.”

“Thanks.” Jaehwang said as he handed him the artifact.

Lee Juki Conscious Knife — Normal rank artifact

Owner: No one

Special skill:

Lifeforce extortion

Hidden sense

The knife gave off an uneasy feeling.

— This could be it.

— Huh?

Jaehwang asked.

— We have to check everything first.

— Okay.

Jaehwang replied and handed the knife back to Choi-han.

“I need to be alone for a moment.”

Choi-han nodded and replied, “The Daehyeon clan members have been assigned to a new hunting ground.”

“Thanks.”

Jaehwang was about to leave but Dongchul put his hand on his shoulder and said, “Hey, take it easy. You should rest for the day.”

“Don’t worry. I will.” Jaehwang replied before he left the hospital room. He then went into an empty room and spoke with the spirit.

— Okay, what is it?

— First, I’m going to say this one thing. I couldn’t tell you this before because of a promise I made with your ancestors. However, I realized that this is something you have to know.

Jaehwang tilted his head as he didn’t understand what she meant at all.

— What are you saying?

— Listen carefully. Since I’ve decided to break the promise, I’ll give you two choices.

— Okay.

The spirit then explained everything.

— Either you’ll continue to live without knowing much just like what you’re doing now or, you’ll get to know your roots. All of your ancestors already had a destiny when they were young. I didn’t think that I would be telling this so soon but you have to know what’s going on.

— Destiny?

— That’s right. I’ve been warned but you just have to be cautious. Your blood isn’t necessarily mixed with your destiny.

Jaehwang was buried in his thoughts as he tried to made sense out of everything.

— But don’t worry, you’ll be fine and you have all the help you need.

It all was so confusing for him but Jaehwang just went along with hit and decided to just trust her words. He then remembered the dream he had when he met his parents.

— Tell me.

Jaehwang asked and the spirit began to speak quietly.

— You must know your ancestor’s true identity...

She then began to tell Jaehwang everything she knew.

She no longer had a reason to keep quiet. It was a really long story and Jaehwang listened to it carefully. He was surprised about what he heard and he felt sorry for his ascenstors. They should have taken a better precaution during their struggles to avoid themselves getting cursed. She told him how his ancestors spent a lot of time fighting because of the pack and now, he is his family’s last hope.

— Maybe you could find some traces of who they were fighting with on that knife. They had used many spells... it’s been so long so I couldn’t remember too clearly but the moment I saw that knife, I remembered. This was the root to all of their spells.

— This is what they used?

— Yes. You’ll be fighting with them in the future and you’re gonna need someone or something to help you.

He got confused as he tried to sort things out in his head. The fate of those who punished his ancestors no longer made any sense to him. However, something made sense for a different reason.

— But, why?

— What?

— Why can’t I understand any of it?

He asked and the spirit then whispered,

— They weren’t just any strong gods that could punish them. Maybe that’s why you’re not getting it. All powerful Gods are equal in this world. Human emotions are meaningless to them. But how could their madness have to do anything with your family? They must have sensed something in them because if they didn’t, they shouldn’t have died in the first place.

— Did they murder them?

— No, not exactly that. They basically just cursed them and you have a chance to break that curse.

The spirit remembered something from a really long time ago. She told him the entire story now that Jaehwang had grown old and strong enough to be able to fight it.

— Are they strong? Could they stop me?

Jaehwang asked. If they were god-like spirits as strong as the one helping him, he wouldn’t stand a chance.

-They are really strong. They trained for so many years to the point that you’d call them monsters.

-I see.

Jaehwang replied. If it was anything like Gwanjae’s training then he understood how intense it could be. They seemed like a strong group of spirits. He knew that they had to be much stronger than he could imagine.

— Do you have like... your descendants?

— Do you think that we have a chance against them?

— Yes.

— Well... by the way, do you really think that there’s just the two of them?

The spirit asked and Jaehwang nodded his head. Of course it could never be just two.

He knew that he could put off a good fight and he had a good chance of succeeding but...

— They’ve already finished preparing a trap.

Jaehwang then felt more serious and determined than before.

Sooji’s Death 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 112: The Plot




—We’re done with our third attack. We have moved to zone D4.

—I’ll give you an update once we got closer to the base camp. We have moved to zone D11.

The Daehyeon clan went into a raid right after that incident and they gave each other updates through their headphones to avoid any mistakes.

A lot of people were injured and died due to the previous accident but the clan leader made sure that that won’t happen again despite the clan being unsure if they would be able to handle their current mission. With the disappearance of his fiancee and the appearance of an unidentified woman, Songjae hasn’t spoken about the situation at all over the past few days.

Besides, the media was now focused on other threats to the country and with the rampant cases of terrorist attacks, they lost the time to pay attention to anything else. The president has also been doing his best to keep the disaster rates in the country as low as possible.

[Is the Daehyeon clan a threat to the country?]

The Daehyeon clan didn’t say much about that issue and instead, they just shared a raid with the other clan. A lot of other groups has been deployed in the same area as they were.

“They have caught 21 monsters so far in this raid.”

“How much could they go for?”

“They should add up to 4 billion altogether.”

The deals for hunted monsters were always quite high.

“So everything combined is almost 180 billion out of 190 billion?”

“Yes.”

Everything was working out great and going according to plan.

“There’s not enough of them on the pickup truck. Minus the small monsters that needs to be hunted, we’ll need more to join us for the other monsters. We’re gonna ask some other soldiers from overseas to help us as well.”

“Sounds good. We just need to paddle when the waves get stronger. I already contacted the clan leader to set things up so we could get moving.”

“Alright.”

Three days have passed and they were able to accumulate a lot of profit. They hit the jackpot. The supporting team prepared a lot of documents for their reinforcements and their clan master turned a bit cold when they showed it to him.

“How much?”

“Argentina has been completing their raids at the end of every week so we would be able to slowly evacuate without a problem. We could also get some help from the Northwest of China since they were only contracted for a month. If we make a request now, it’s possible that we’ll have them by tomorrow.

“What is the present power like?” Songjae took a moment to think for a minute before he replied to the support team captain.

“11 or 9 at the moment. Two more will be used until our reserved soldiers arrive. ”

Three days have passed again and more soldiers joined the existing teams.

“Okay, I got it. Looks like it’s time for a review.”

“Got it, sir.”

Now that he had enough encouraged and praise, the support team leader placed the documents on his desk before he went out of his office.

Songjae’s assistant then asked him, “Why was he acting a bit strange towards you.”

“Who knows.”

Songjae wasn’t to make much progress on his plan about the Pyeongan project. They had a lot of soldiers at their disposal and they were promised with a large amount of money.

Especially because the Daehyeon group’s president left the job to him specifically, he was given a chance to take his first step into the loyal road.

The problem was that all of his schemes would have to be stopped and unfortunately, there’s still another problem that he had to consider.

“I don’t know if we can refuse it...” His assistant said.

He would soon run out of strength and they would need to find someone to replace him. Obviously, they had received a lot of suggestions now that the clan’s information about their final goal has been made known.

“They’ve gotten stronger after being in the Alousu and because of the foundation in China, they were able to destroy the monsters that came in their way. What do you think?”

“It’s left in the past.”

“I see. Maybe this could be better sorted out in the future. ” His assistant replied. Maybe in the future, their current president and the Japanese clan could team up together and share their strength.

The thought of the Japanese clan teaming up with them made him laugh but he also thought that it actually wasn’t that bad. It was because of all those documents and folders that all of his worries disappeared.

America.

Justin Point lost all connections with the USA and the main cause was the feud between their current president and the Japanese clans.

“Darn it. I have no idea how this will progress.” He wanted to fix up their secret laboratory. It was still a place shared with the father of the Samjeon church so he knew that he shouldn’t be worried.

However, those documents contained dangerous information inside of them.

“Last year, the country affiliated to America went on an expedition in the Alousu to reach Justin Point but they encountered a problem. The Japanese clan and the Samjeon church members launched a surprise attack and killed them all.”

He further explained the details of their current situation with those three clans and how it could directly affect them.

The important thing was that Songjae never made any instructions there. Although the hunter’s tracks had already been found, they still had other problems to handle.

“This is quite worrisome. Was this reported to the president of the clan?”

The evidence seemed to have just fallen into their hands. If they could team up with the American group and clean most of the mess that was made from the situation then things wouldn’t be as easy as they think it would.

“Sir?”

“What is it.”

“I think that we should grasp this great opportunity this time. We just have to think of a way to do it differently.”

“That’ll never work,” Songjae replied to his assistant. However, the assistant already knew that he would say something like that so he continued talking.

“Maybe you could try to hunt. Don’t you think that you might get that position if and after you succeed?”

“Hm...” Songjae replied, thinking about what his assistant had said. His assistant knew that he would be interested in having a chance to become president of their clan.

The Daehyeon group president. It was obviously an amazing title. The whole world would know his name. But how could he get that title? By participating in boring political arguments? Authority arguments? Moneylending? All of that was useless.

They weighed the scale for their plan and this time, it seems that it would take all of their money. They had a lot saved up but now, it’s now almost completely used up.

However, Songjae knew just how to use what he had left. He thought more about what his assistant said to him. Maybe his plan would work out just as he wants it to.

“We’ll have to stop the Pyeongan project eventually.”

“I know. The assigned area was given by someone close to them.”

“Well, the plan is great but I don’t know how we’ll go about it.”

“No, we’ll have time to perfect it,” Songjae assured his assistant.

“I hope so...”

Pong...

Just as Songjae was about to speak, they heard the sound of a giant explosion. He then quickly grabbed a bottle of pills and swallowed to take in a few tablets.

“This always happens at the most inconvenient times...” His assistant quickly got a cup of water and handed it to Songjae.

“Hurry, take the rest of them.”

“I’m going as fast as I can.”

After taking the pills, Songjae took a deep breath and leaned back in his chair.

He took them to make him stronger. Choosing the path of a hunter was more like a risk that he took. When the monster laboratory was being developed, he volunteered to test their new advanced technology so he could get stronger. He talked with his grandfather first who didn’t agree with it but, he decided to go through with it anyway.

The biggest problem was that it only had a 50 percent chance of success. It was supposed to transform him and develop his skills. Of course, there weren’t any overlaps when he started the procedure, but he had trouble with its side effects so he had to take some supplements to cope with the pain.

“...I should level up to rank 9... or maybe at least level 8...”

Songjae said with a fierce and sharp look in his eyes.

***

Movements were detected at the Daehyeon clan basecamp through their sensors. The radar was attached to the bus that they’ve boarded and it detected up to five kilometers.

“Ugh, I’m bored.”

They had a lot of sensors made for different types of monsters and their every attack would be based on the guidance of their navigation.

Four days had passed and they were almost finished with the monster hunt.

They’ve observed many monsters disappearing in the middle of the radar and there was a bump that made it look like that something was hiding underground. Just what they thought, they saw a monster appear out of the ground.

....

At that moment, they discovered something new about that type of monster.

“These monsters aren’t even resting at night.”

He stretched his arms and legs before he gave all of his attention to study what they found on the sensor. He was surprised, he wrote down what he learned and he went to their team leader.

“Leader!”

“What is it?” The team leader replied.

“I found something really interesting!”

“What?” The team leader asked, he then stood up and read what he had written down.

“Are you sure you didn’t make a mistake?”

“I’m one hundred percent sure.”

“So everything’s correct? This is really true?”

The Plot, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 113: The Plot 2




“So you haven’t taken this to the boss?”

“Not yet.” One of the raid members replied to his superior.

“How... there are so many monsters to consider...”

“I can’t believe it but no matter how many times I checked, the data seemed to be correct. This small valley has up to 60 monsters in it.”

The leader got up from his seat and accessed the data log. He checked the time frame, erased everything one by one and shut everything down only to reboot it an hour later.

“This is really...”

“Isn’t it?”

The radar showed the same result even after through the reboot and he was still as surprised as before. Discovering a gathered mass of 60 monsters in a single area was better than gold.

“But, why are they here and so many?”

The raid member scratched his head at the leader’s question. He didn’t know why either.

“Maybe for copulation...”

“Copulation? Ha...?”

Click...

“Ha, this guy... good job. Always such a perfectionist.”

“Yeah...”

“Entering into this place will be difficult but we can’t miss this chance. We’re going to have to be very careful.”

“What if the herd of monsters has a leader?”

“A leader?...”

The leader took a deep breath before he answered, “If that’s the case then tell me and I’ll handle it... The valley is a secret area so everyone needs to be very careful and alert. Got it?”

“Yes, sir.”

The leader went through the papers again and this time, he looked as if he had a headache. “This is a problem. If so many are gathered there then we could be in danger.”

***

The raid leader reported everything they found to the Daehyeon clan presidents.

“We’ll start our briefing...”

“Today at 3 am, seven of our raid members found a valley full of monsters along with the help of their leader. The raid leader wasn’t completely sure about why they were there but we rechecked everything and it seems to be true.” The assistant said as he showed them all of the evidence on a tablet.

Songjae read the data and replied, “Are they sure about this?”

“When the daylight came, they were able to make sure that it was indeed true. The location of the valley severely limits the use of our drones but even so, there’s enough proof that this is true.”

“Good. Do they think there could be many monsters with ranks of 8 and 9 in that valley?”

Songjae asked but they didn’t give him an answer. They had to take extreme precautions since it would just take a single eighth-ranked monster to destroy their team. The raid master then tried to explain the difficulty that they could face.

“We would have to be very careful. An entire herd of 60 monsters with ranks sixth to eight could destroy us all. Especially if it’s a ninth tier monster.” The raid team leader said.

Songjae didn’t seem angry at his response. Even he understood the risks they could face.

“Well, what could we do in this situation?”

“We won’t have to worry about a 6th tier monster with our usual attack crew, but taking down a 9th tier monster would take a fourth or fifth tier hunter. We would have to get 60 top tier hunters to be able to handle it.”

“Wow... 60 top tier hunters... Would we even be able to ask the National Hunter Association for that?”

“Maybe. Unless we have any other alternative options.”

The leader then said, “Well... Our country does have Gwanjae. There’s a chance that we would be able to find someone that could help us with this.”

Everyone fell silent. It’s true that they needed a lot of strong hunters but they all wondered if it’s okay to ask Gwanjae for help.

“Do we have any soldiers that could maybe handle it? Gwanjae can’t be the only level 7 hunter in our country,” The raid team leader asked but no one seemed to agree.

Everyone knew that Gwanjae was one of the very few who was considered as the strongest of all. It would cost them a lot of money to get a soldier as skillful as him.

“So, in conclusion, you guys need help?” Songjae asked and they nodded their heads. “Well then, I’ll find Gwanjae.”

At that moment, Songjae had a big decision to make since it would have been such a shame if they gave up on that opportunity.

***

The next day, Songjae requested a precise report on the valley so he could plan out their advancement.

“How are we going to do this?” The assistant asked Songjae who was talking with Gwanjae at the moment.

“Gwanjae agreed to lead the soldiers on the raid,” Songjae said and his assistant smiled. “Yes, he has decided to help us on our mission.”

“But why is his face...”

“He has a condition.”

“What kind of condition?...”

“We’ll have to help them get rid of the Japanese clan.”

“Huh? How are they going to do that?...”

“I already know all of that.”

“This can’t be true...” He thought that maybe it really was a condition. It meant that they would have to cut ties with them completely.

“The Japanese clan has a close relationship with the Samjeon church who are close to us...”

“...”

“I” ll explain it a little bit further. We don’t have to do much, we’re already powerful enough as it is.” Songjae then replied

“We really don’t need them at all...”

The assistant began to get nervous as he watched their subtle argument.

“Will America even do anything? There’s not much they could do anyway.”

Justin Point’s recovery? The recovery of the Oaks? Betraying the Samjeons? Even if they were sorry, something like that would be very unnecessary.

“We have to do it. If not then what Gwanjae said will happen.”

“What?”

“Is it about the Japanese clan?”

“And?”

“We’ll have to take all of the responsibility for what happens. They already had some decent proof against us. That guy is so annoying, isn’t he? The Japanese clan makes up the 20 percent of hunters in Japan. There’s no way we could get away with an assassination.”

“And they are very strong.”

“They are, but what’s the difference between us and them? We’ve helped them before, haven’t we?”

The assistant then nodded his head.

“That is right. The Japanese clan and the Samjeons were really annoying in the beginning too.”

“Well then...”

“Alright. We begin tonight.”

“But sir, what if that thing about the monster’s leader was not true?”

Songjae gave his assistant a slight nod. “There’s nothing that we could do about it it’s not but if it is, then it would be a good thing that we’re ready. They also said that the weakest monster there was an eight-tier monster.

“I can’t believe they would blindly believe something like that.”

“I know. But besides that, are there still people left in that place?”

There was a secret hideout for their assassination team.

“Yes.”

“Good. let’s handle it like this from now on.”

***

“...What is it?”

“Is there anything up ahead there?”

“I’ll go check,” Dongchul replied to Jaehwang. They were close friends but sometimes when Jaehwang covered his head with a hood, he would wonder if there was still a human beneath it.

“Should we attack the Daehyeon clan?”

“That was the original plan. First I was going to get the evidence and hand it to Songjae.”

“There aren’t any monsters there, right?” Dongchul asked.

“I don’t think there will be but I’ve already explained this. There could possibly be a lump of sixty monsters around there. Gwanjae was already contracted to do a raid for that.

“I see...”

“We’ll check to be sure and we’ll make our move while Songjae is distracted by their assassination attempt on the Japanese clan.” Jaehwang had everything planned out.

“But what if Songjae realizes what’s going on and fights back?” Dongchul asked.

“That could happen so that why we’re coming here. Songjae won’t expect anything at all.”

***

Songjae was in the process of carrying out his plan to assassinate the leader of the Japanese clan. The plan was simple. They would go to their hideout which was the best place to attack.

The hideout was located in the outskirts of Pyeongan studio apartments. When the monster radar’s alert starts, the assassination team will surround the safe house with their weapons.

Of course, it wouldn’t mean that they would be able to handle everything. Their assassination team was big enough to surround their safe house but if half of them were to get injured or die, they would have to stop the mission entirely.

The next day, their clan had swarmed the valley for their raid and Songjae just stood there to wait for the outcome of their battle. He also wanted to join them on their fight but his skills weren’t as advanced as his soldiers.

“Wait here a little longer.”

“I’m nervous.” Songjae couldn’t hide his anxiousness as he sat inside the clan bus.

Gwanjae did join them on the raid but even that wasn’t enough to make him feel safe. He just quietly sat on the bus waiting to see how everything went.

“Is the raid still going on?”

“Yeah. The monsters were gathered in a very cold place but that didn’t stop our detectors, everything will be done shortly.”

“Phew...” Songjae took a deep breath and checked the monitor. It had a dark blue background with a lot of yellow dots.

“Is that where they are supposed to go?” His assistant asked. Songjae then pressed a button on the monitor.

“Why isn’t anything happening?”

The results showed up but there were no monsters to be found.

“We might have missed it.”

Songjae then thought of a meeting previously had with Gwanjae.

He felt like he was hiding something.

“Maybe all of this was a plan?” Songjae said and his assistant then looked bit confused.

“Sir, even if that is the case, it wouldn’t matter. You’ve already told them about the Japanese clan, haven’t you?”

“Right,” Songjae replied. The leader of the assassination team should have already contacted Sasaki, the leader of the Japanese clan.

There’s no way they could attack them. But if so, they would cause a lot of damage. Their deal with the Japanese clan would be undoubtedly be broken off.

“How did the assassination go?”

“They’re traveling back to Seoul but it’s not happening there.”

“Wow, we’re pretty unbelievable.”

“I know.” Songjae simply replied. He was still deep in thought about the dangers of the monsters they could run into on the raid.

“I’m so nervous.”

The Plot 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 114: The Japanese Clan Attack




“What are we going to do with her funeral?”

“We need to find safety first”

“Great idea.”

He didn’t know what Sooji would have wanted. Maybe she would have wanted to pass away in her parent’s arms. However, Jaehwang felt that her death was his responsibility. He thought that his greed led to her death. He wanted to believe that it wasn’t the end but nothing could change what happened.

“Was she happy?”

“Yeah,” Jaehwang replied. She smiled before taking her last breath. He still didn’t know what that smile meant but he would never forget it.

Jaehwang then checked the time on his watch and got up. “The raid is about to start.”

“Well, let’ get moving.”

They wore their armor and doubled checked everything to make sure that they had what they needed right before they start.

Boom... Boom

Dongchul’s heavy armor on top of his strong muscles made a loud thumping sound every time he took a step.

“Doesn’t it sound great. This armor was specially crafted,” Dongchul said referring to his armored suit. Jaehwang had prepared his arrows and wore his best armor as well.

“Should we get started?”

“Okay.”

They opened the door and walked outside into the cold wind blowing through the dense fog that shrouded the Japanese gathering in the distance.

[The Japanese clan gathering]

Jaehwang and Dongchul went on their way to get to the Japanese clan HQ. They encountered a lot of people walking through the crowded streets.

It looked to be a part of a town filled with low-income residents. Japan also seemed to be a place that had more cases of monsters in comparison to the countries around it.

Earthquake, Volcano Eruptions, and radioactivity pollution... After a very long time, there was a nuclear power generation accident in Fukushima that caused a really big problem. As the problem remained and grew even worse, the cases of newborn children having defects grew more rampant while the hospital rates blew through the roof. The mortality rate of infants had grown which caused the gradual migration of their own people.

They didn’t know if the Japanese politics had gotten any better but there was a big gap between the rich and the poor. Japan seemed to be slowly collapsing with all those problems. The place that it used to be no longer existed as the wrong power rose up and had gained control.

“This may be more difficult than we thought,” Dongchul said as he began to feel anxious.

“Everything will be fine. Be sure to check your headset sensitivity.”

“My headset sensitivity can’t go up anymore.”

“Don’t forget to turn on the automatic translation... if you hear something you don’t know then try not to make them angry.”

“I know, I know,” Dongchul replied as he put on a big coat. He needed a bigger one so he could wear his armor underneath it.

“Let’s go.”

“Okay.”

Dongchul walked out the door while Jaehwang quickly gave their weapons a final glance. He took his time with his inspection but then he stopped and asked a spirit a question.

—Is everything good to go?

—Yes, everything is fine.

—Okay, we have to be extremely cautious.

The spirit knew exactly where they needed to go so she took the initiative and led them there.

But she suddenly stopped Jaehwang.

—I’m worried about this.

***

After leaving the hotel, Dongchul began to walk towards their destination. He cut himself into a queue of people waiting in his path but he just let himself pass through them without a word. It looked like hunters were not welcomed in this place.

Tuek...

“S—sorry.”

Something has hit Dongchul’s leg and a kid quickly apologized to him. The kid saw the armor that he wore, he then took a step back in fear before he ran away.

“...”

He couldn’t imagine something like that happening in Korea. After that, he recovered his focus and resumed his mission. He then glanced to the side and saw a big luxurious limousine. The door of the limousine opened and a lady stepped out of it. Dongchul watched and wondered where could she be going but she then began to scream as if she was in trouble.

“Be quiet!”

“Somebody save me!” The lady shouted for help, hoping for someone around to help her but everyone was completely ignoring her.

“Hurry up, let’s go!”

“I’m coming! This lady is being fussy.”

One of the guys then hit the lady in the head. She lost her consciousness and was thrown back inside of the vehicle. They then looked around to see if anyone was paying attention to what happened before they drove off. They definitely kidnapped her.

“Those idiots...” Dongchul stopped walking. He thought about following the limousine to see what was going on. After thinking for a quick second, he spoke into his headset.

—Jaehwang.

—What?

—There’s something I really have to do, my part will be delayed in the plan by 10 minutes.

—Is it that important?

—Yes, very important.

Dongchul replied.

—Okay then but try not to take more than 20 minutes.

—I’ll be finished as fast as possible.

Ten minutes was already too long and another ten would be too much.

***

“This stupid lady wasting our time.” The guy said as he drove the limousine.

“You almost cut my hand during all that.”

“Oh yeah, sorry.” The other guy in the passenger seat replied.

They were on their way back to the Japanese clan HQ after kidnapping that woman. However... a shadow suddenly appeared in front of them.

“Hey! What are you doing! Aren’t you going to move?!”

The driver yelled after rolling down the window. He wanted to just drive past him but the limousine wouldn’t be able to move so easily since the road was quite narrow in the area they were driving in.

The unknown person just continued to stand in the way of their car. The driver then got consumed by his anger so he went out of the car to confront the person that stopped them in their tracks.

“Hey, fool!” The driver shouted as he threw a punch. Unfortunately for the driver, the mysterious man was faster with his fist.

Kwang!

“I—I...”

The driver was so surprised that he just stood there blankly and the mystery man wasn’t done yet.

Kwang!!!

“What the heck is going on!” The guy who was sitting in the passenger seat asked as he got out of the car.

Kwang!

The mysterious man then walked up and destroyed the car. Seeing this, the guy in the passenger seat pulled up a sack and tried to sneak up behind him.

Bam!

He swiftly used his sword and turned his bags into shreds.

“W—who are you?!” The kidnapper asked in fear as he stepped back.

The mysterious guy then replied to his question. “Me? I’m the guy that’s about to drive away using your car.”

“What? What is this nonsense you’re talking about!!!”

The passenger seat guy replied in anger. He got fed up so he took out his phone to call for backup but then, he noticed that the mystery man’s eyes had turned dark.

The Japanese Clan Attack, The End.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 115: The Japanese Clan Attack 2




He couldn’t even see it in his eyes as the mysterious guy turned his hand into a fist.

Pong!

He punched him and shoved him out of the way.

“Have you lost your mind?”

The mysterious guy then walked into the limousine and the lady who remained inside then started screaming.

“Ahhh!”

“Oh...” She said with a confused tone as she saw him wearing a helmet that covered his face. Although she didn’t recognize who he was, his helmet made his head look like a goblin’s.

“I’m not a monster, I’m just a passerby coming to the rescue because of the trouble that I saw.”

“Oh.”

Dongchul used the translator from his helmet. The lady then recognized his broken japanese and realized what he was doing.

“T-thank you so much!”

“It’s nothing,” Dongchul replied.

The lady was noticeably thin under her baggy clothing. She had dark hair and looked to be in her early twenties. Dongchul’s face turned red and he felt a little bit nervous.

“It’s time! The Japanese clan is going to attack!” The lady said after he rescued her in the limousine. “You guys should escape! The hunters are going to be gathering for an attack!”

Everyone scattered around in an attempt to save their lives however, the two guys that kidnapped her remained in their place.

“You all need to get out of here! The Japanese clan soldiers are coming!” The lady shouted as she looked at Dongchul.

They thought she was a bit confused from everything that happened that day. All of them exchanged a confused look and didn’t seem to be worried at all as if they didn’t really believe or completely understood what she was saying.

“What are you talking about?” One of the guys asked.

“I’m serious! You all need to hurry!” The lady kept yelling for them to escape but no one was taking her warning seriously. Dongchul then spoke through his headset.

—Jaehwang.

—What?

—It’s time to start.

—Now? But I’m in the bathroom...

—Come when you’re ready. Everything is good to go.

—Okay. Keep me updated in the meantime.

—Alright.

Dongchul replied. He stroked the brand new coat that he was wearing, thinking that it would surely be tattered because of the fight that was about to happen.

Boom...Boom...

He suddenly heard a strange sound near him.

“Huh...” Dongchul’s then quickly realized that it was his big heavy armor making up the noise every time he takes a step.

“Oh... What is the name of that...” Dongchul asked the lady.

“Ogura. It’s very dangerous around there these days. You have to be very careful.”

“Really?”

“Yeah. But that’s pretty much it about it. It’s not the same as it used to be.”

Dongchul turned away after looking into her eyes before his face turned completely red.

“Over there!” He shouted at the crowd of people walking towards them. Dongchul then got into the car and quickly headed to a building in the distance. He then took out one of the weapons that he packed.

“I have to live...” He loaded all of his weapons to prepare for a massive chaotic fight that was about to happen. “I have to be prepared.”

He wore a holster on his waist that he filled with the weapons that he would possibly need and hoping that it would be enough.

For a moment, Dongchul felt as if there was a huge burden on his back. He also thought that he might be hearing things, thinking that he just heard Gwanjae’s shout. He became familiarized with his voice due to the ten-day intensive training that he spent with him.

The more he heard his voice, the more stressed out he becomes. At first he thought it was just his imagination but even if he believed so, he still felt anxious.

“Calm down. It just my imagination...” He told himself to try to feel better. It took a few repetitions but his stress actually started to disappear and was replaced by a feeling of excitement. “Great, the stress is all gone.”

He was getting closer and closer to the crowd of Japanese clan hunters. None of them had plans to capture him alive and all of their weapons were loaded with an intent to kill.

But Dongchul wasn’t worried at all. He kept a straight face and remained calm.

“Everything would be fine.”

He kept silent until he got close enough to start his assault.

“It’s time!”

Pong!

Dongchul used a weapon that was attached to his fists. He punched four enemies at his entry and sent them flying towards a wall where they bled and died in a matter of seconds.

“Get him!” One of the Japanese hunters shouted as all of them ran towards Dongchul. He wanted to run away but there was nowhere left to go.

As they were only a few inches away from him, he quickly pulled out a long sword from the holster around his waist to cut his way out ouf the wave of his enemies.

But...

“I thought they would die right away...” There was blood everywhere. He had to slash them three times to make sure that they were dead.

Pong Pong!!

Kwang!

He used both of his fists and sword to attack anyone and everyone within range.

“Ah, this is really tiring,” Dongchul said as he paused to catch his breath. He looked over to Ogura who stood close behind him.

“I usually don’t fight girls but I can’t risk sparing any of these hunters against us.”

“...” Dongchul explained their situation to her but she just stared at him without a word.

He turned his focus back to what was ahead of him and he started to feel energized now that their plan had started to unfold.

Kwang... Kwang....

Dongchul started walking to steadily build up his speed little by little until his speed turned insane.

Woosh!

Kwang kwang kwang!

His feet made a loud noise everytime his feet hit the ground as he ran. Some projectiles are flying over towards him but he didn’t waver, he knew that he could block them all off.

“Everyone! Over here!!!” Dongchul shouted, leaving the area covered in dirt because of his movements.

***

Kwang!

Wheeu wheeu wheeu!!

The entire ground shook as if there was an earthquake every time he takes a step along with the sound of a siren coming from down the road. The Japanese clan quickly got inside of those vehicles, leaving behind a dense cloud of dust due to some explosions.

“Ahhhh!!!”

Dongchul then heard the sound of people screaming.

“It must be a monster!”

“Back up! I need backup!”

The hunters that he fought against seemed to have gotten scared. Some of them even ran away.

“Things seems to be going well,” Dongchul said to himself.

Jaehwang sat on the edge of a distant building, watching and waiting to enact his role in this mission. Everything was going according to their plan. While the Japanese were distracted with Dongchul, Jaehwang would pick them off one by one.

It was a simple plan but it was still very effective. Dongchul was doing a really good job at fighting them all off due to his muscled frame and the ten-day training that he had with Gwanjae.

“Now it’s my turn.” Jaehwang took out his bow and arrow. He loaded his weapon with four arrows before he crawled across the edge of the building to break into the Daehyeon clan’s offices through their window.

He placed some adhesive pads on his hands and feet and that’s how he was able to safely crawl onto the building and into the office.

—That looks fun.

—It is a little...

Jaehwang replied to the spirit. He broke into the office but he still struggled to see because of all that dust floating around.

—Can you scan this room?

—Sure.

The spirit started to check the room to find an overview of what they could get in there while Jaehwang kept on the lookout to make sure that no one else would come into the office.

He thought about the massive group of hunters fighting outside the building as he waited for the spirit to finish her scan.

—There’s forty people in the room close by. Five just stood up and left out the door.

—Good.

It seems like they were having a meeting and would be occupied for an ample amount of time for him to sneak in and finish his part of the plan. He just needed to find the secret button and press it twice.

Click

They then heard something coming from outside the door.

The Japanese Clan Attack 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 116: The Japanese Clan Attack 3




—We’ve been caught.

The spirit said as she looked out of the window.

—They’re coming in?

—Looks like they’re going somewhere else, luckily.

—Thank goodness.

Jaehwang let out a breath of relief before he launched a few of his arrows.

Teuk! Teuk! Teuk!

He aimed at the hunters outside and shot them in their heads.

—3, 2, 1

Jaehwang continued shooting arrows until he finished all of them.

Pong! Pong! Pong!

Swoosh... Swoosh

Two other hunters from down below then started to fire back.

—Spirit! I need your help!

—Got it!

The spirit used her magic to control the arrows that were shot towards them and returned them all at once. After that, the enemies then tried to shoot her but she flew into the air and dodged them. She then took out one of Jaehwang’s weapons and pressed its button to spread a white powder around her. The dust traveled through the door and made its way into the other offices in the building.

After checking if it had already spread, Jaehwang pressed the button again and a small light started to shine. The light instantly grew brighter, engulfing everything with a bright light.

Jjjjjjiijjjiii.... Pang pang

It barely made any noise but it had ensued chaos. All of the monsters as well the other humans that came in contact with that white powder except them died instantly or left to struggle and fight but unfortunately for them, that wasn’t all. Lava began to come up from the ground and anyone who stepped on it melted like cheese.

The place was completely wrecked.

The fire was roaring high all the way up to towards the roof and while everyone was panicking, most of them seemed to have forgotten the fight and escaped to secure their own safety. However, there were still many who were focused on taking down Jaehwang.

But they were in for a big surprise. Mercy wasn’t part of Jaehwang’s plan. Jaehwang hid behind a shelf and quickly dodged their attacks.

He wasn’t using his usual arrows, he was using exploding arrows that were even stronger than the last.

“Help!” Their leader named ‘Ryuji’ shouted for help and many of the hunters quickly ran towards him.

“Ryuji!” A healer from their team quickly came to the rescue.

Ryuji was in a very bad condition and the healer started with his arms. One of his arms were broken and the other was badly injured. He got his wounds tended but he still needed to take a little rest before he could get back in the fight once more.

“Thank you, Kenta. Keep an eye on everyone else too,” He said.

“I will. But...” Kenta didn’t finish his sentence. He wore a shocked look on his face before he fell onto the ground, revealing an arrow on his back that came out of nowhere.

“No!” Ryuji yelled as Kenta collapsed. “Our healer!”

Their healer was gone. Kenta had been with them for 10 years. He was a part of their family and they couldn’t just let him go like that. They covered his body and shielded him so he couldn’t get hurt anymore. A crew would be able to get him out and take him to safety soon.

The door then slammed open and a group of soldiers came charging in.

“He was hit by an arrow,” Ryuji shouted. The soldiers who came through the door was an attack team that came as backup.

“Take this injured person to safety!”

“Yes, sir!”

The soldiers carefully pulled the arrow out of him before taking him away and as they picked it out, they recognized who owned it. It was like a trademarked arrow.

Deuk deuk deuk...

They heard the rain of arrows coming in once more.

Kwanggg!

A gigantic sonic boom appeared followed by a string of light. The sky glowed as if it was down and returned normal a few seconds later.

Kwang Kwang Kwang!

A series of explosions shook the ground. Objects were flying everywhere. Two of the soldiers were caught in that mayhem. It stormed through the air and caused it to light up again.

“Wow!”

Everyone was amazed however, he wasn’t paying attention to it at all. He noticed how dangerous things were but he wasn’t worried, he’s used to this. Jaehwang then realized that it was now the best time to attack since most of them were now distracted.

[Exploding arrow!]

Kwang Kwang Kwang!!! Pong Pong Pong!

His strength mixed with the strong force of the arrow flew through the air in full speed. The arrow was then divided into two in midair and took out two enemies. More of his arrows were multiplying and his enemy began to notice it.

“Hey! Look out!” One of the soldiers said as he pointed at the hail of arrows that were about to come.

Jaehwang then pressed the button on the side of his headset and spoke.

—Dongchul, let’s go.

—Huh? Already?

Dongchul replied with a confused tone but he was happy that they were finally finished. But, of course, they weren’t going to retreat quietly.

“Ahhhh!”

A blue energy suddenly exploded out of Dongchul and gathered onto his two fists.

Jiiiijjiii... Jiiijjiiiijjii...

It made a strong tingling sound before he shot it from his fists like thunder.

Kwang Kwang Kwang!!!

His blue lightning went all over the place and destroyed everything in its path.

Pong Pong Pong

“It’s a monster!!!”

The enemy soldiers suddenly collapsed and started to bleed. But, the disaster was not finished yet.

Pong Pong Pong Pong!!

Kwang Kwang Kwang!!

A massive amount of debris fell into the ground due to that explosion.

“Cough... Cough...”

Everything was finally stopped and Dongchul collapsed onto the ground to catch his breath. All of that coughing came from the excessive amount of dust and smoke done by his enemies.

“Hahaha.”

Dongchul turned around as he heard a loud laugh.

***

All the chaos and terror caused at the Japanese clan HQ left behind loads of damage, leaving the entire area completely wrecked and most of their soldiers dead.

The Bileons sent a report about what happened. Their suspects were two men and they couldn’t find much about their perpetrators. However, they found enough to know that one of them was a level 6 monster hunter.

The Japanese plan was not going to let them get away so easily. They were determined to find out exactly who they were and track them down to get revenge.

Obviously, they wouldn’t be satisfied if they just caught one even though that’s all the information that they had, they were focused on finding both of them.

***

“Our family can no longer live in Japan. Please take care of them.”

“Ah, well... I... Why me?...”

“I am sorry to trouble you, I have no other choice.” He then kneeled onto his knees and begged.

“I don’t know.” He replied.

Jaehwang just wanted to get back to his room and rest. They were all currently on the escape vehicle brought by the support team. While they were on their way to Korea, Dongchul was begging him to help him find a place for the girl that he saved named Ogura.

Apparently, she had nowhere to go so Dongchul didn’t want to just abandon her there. It didn’t seem that difficult to him. Her family was just her two younger sisters and they just needed a place to sleep in.

Jaehwang wasn’t agreeing to it but Dongchul knew he was warm-hearted and accept the plea eventually.

Besides, if she didn’t go with them to a safer place, then she and her family would most likely be dead. Dongchul explained as much as possible to make him agree to it and it worked out. Jaehwang finally agreed to take them to Korea.

“What are we even going to do with them there?”

“You’ll have to make sure they have everything they need.”

“What! I never agreed to that!” Jaehwang shouted.

“We’ll behave.” Ogura said cutting into the conversation. She could understand Korean quite well.

“Don’t worry, we can figure this out...” Dongchul replied anxiously. Sweat was dripping down from his flustered face.

Her two sisters were a lot younger than her. One was a middle school student and the other was a high school student.

Jaehwang remembered Ogura helping Dongchul during the fight.

—You’re quite strong for such a small looking person.

—Thanks, hahaha.

He decided that maybe the situation wouldn’t be so bad. Dongchul never mentioned it but after a few years, he had reached his limit of accumulating balance in his mind and body during his battles.

It all started years ago when they went on their separate ways. He took the hunter procedure and trained. Just a few months later, he was kidnapped by the Daehyeon clan. They experimented on him and tortured him for years. He still couldn’t believe that he got away.

He lost himself, he became a monster and was soon given to the Bileons. It looked as if everything was fine but although his body’s condition was okay, his conscience wasn’t because of what he went through for years.

Although in a way, it felt like the family that he needed at that time but it didn’t feel real. He wanted to go find the orphanage but he wasn’t able to, it was nowhere to be found. Luckily, he soon found his best friend and felt like he had someone special once again. But sometimes, he still seemed alone.

The Japanese Clan Attack 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 117: Trapped




Jaehwang reloaded and repacked his weapons after he got back to their headquarters. He was still a little tired but he still had an unfinished work to do.

He received a call from Mr. Hwang about all the details on the mission. He was told that he should not share anything about it with the others.

—How’s your rest going?

—I’m finished...

Jaehwang replied to the spirit while he was packing up for his mission in Kyoto.

—Also, what do you think I can find in Kyoto?

Jaehwang asked the spirit, he still needed to ask her about it.

—Even if I find what I’m looking for, it’s strange.

—What?

—I’m going to Kyoto to find that magic but I’m still not too sure about it. It might be in a different place.

—Where do you think it could be?

—Anywhere in Kyoto.

—Anywhere? What do you mean?

—I have to gather some energy for that magic but what if I can’t gather some good energy? Many people have become permanently weak after they’ve been exposed in all that negative energy. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a spell that caused that much damage.

—A long time?

—Yeah. It’s been 500 years. It makes me wonder about what they did back then, maybe their energy was much more powerful than anywhere else.

—But it’s been 500 years...

Jaehwang said as he couldn’t believe how long it’s been.

—Well, you better get going now.

He was supposed to be resting since they got back to their HQ but he was no longer thinking about that. After he received the information about the mission, he made his way to Kyoto since they were still in Japan.

—We should track down those guys from the Japanese clan that tried to assassinate us.

They couldn’t get close to the Daehyeon clan at the moment but they could find the people from the Japanese clan that was sent to assassinate them. Mr. Hwang helped Jaehwang and gave him some information to find them, but it wasn’t enough.

—We’ll surely find those people who used that magic.

The people who tried to assassinate them were currently traveling somewhere to escape the consequences of their actions but Jaehwang won’t let them get away. They were a big part of the reason for Sooji’s death. It was important that he had something fast enough to travel with and luckily, he got his help from Dongchul.

Although Dongchul didn’t like to just hand things away like that, he decided to help him. Jaehwang was about to leave through the window before he noticed that Dongchul and Ogura were still busy talking with each other.

“I’m going now.”

Dongchul looked at him with an annoyed look on his face and shouted, “But where are you going!?”

“It’s a secret.”

“We’ll go with you!”

“No, stay here,” Jaehwang replied and quickly walked out of the door.

***

Dozens of shadows quickly ran inside the darkness of the forest.

“Stop.” One of the shadows said and every one of them stopped on their tracks.

“Will we find the East sea after we get across this mountain?”

“RIght. If we make it past the ocean, we’ll be free from Korea’s anti-aircraft defense system.”

“Stop all of the tension and tell us. This place could be the most dangerous of them all.” Said Sasaki, the leader of the assassination team.

They have been constantly on the run ever since they tried to assassinate Jaehwang. They decided to travel through the Eastern Sea to erase their tracks as they ran towards the metropolis.

“We’re all so tired.”

“I know but we can’t rest just yet.”

They were all very tired but they couldn’t stop running. The scary point was that their very own information network was the one who shared their information to the military and police.

They were made up of 47 people at the moment so they’ve decided to form a truce. Their forces in North Korea was pulled out prematurely and now, their best decision was to run away. They couldn’t call for help or communicate since they had to keep their tracks completely clean.

“If we go to the Deajin Port, then we’ll be sent to those waiting for us in North Korea. Let’s go, everyone!”

“Yes!” Everyone shouted as a reply. They cleaned up their footprints from where they stood and flew up into the air.

However, what they didn’t know was that they could still be seen by a certain someone even in the darkest skies.

***

“Why didn’t they buy anything.” A guy said as he looked at a monitor, he then placed some ice cubes in his water and drank it.

“I’ll go and buy it.”

“Those idiots... How many drones are there?”

“There are 500 of them.”

“Good.”

“Leader! The Hunter Officials of America plans to visit you soon.”

“Great. Give me the information to their location... what are they coming for?”

“They said that they wanted to talk about Russia.”

The team captain smirked and sat back in his chair comfortably. Following their steps were all too funny. They traveled through the air to hide but they didn’t have to work that hard to eliminate their tracks. Even though they were working hard on the run, they could still easily be found.

“How is everything going?”

“We’re almost done with the arrangements but the impact from the fight was quite severe.

“So, the usual?” The leader then took a deep breath. He wanted to act as if it wasn’t a big deal but the problems were in fact, huge.

An elite group of level six and level five hunters were sent out to assassinate someone. That team was made up of 50 people and now, all of them were on the run to avoid Jaehwang’s wrath.

“I guess we’ll have to figure something out.”

“Should we send out a warning to Mr. Roy?”

Mr. Roy worked with Mr. Hwang as some of the top leaders in their team.

“Sure. I can’t believe there’s this much damage.”

He picked up a receiver and then...

“Huh?” He looked at the monitor and there was something that looked like a bird... he moved the mouse and took a closer look.

“What is going on?” The assistant next to him asked. The team captain took another sip of his icy water and replied,

“Looks like someone else got a hold of the information about their location.”

“What?!” The assistant said with a voice filled with worry and shock. Both of them knew exactly what it could have been and that’s why he was so worried.

“Someone is trying to catch the Japanese assassination team.”

“Who do you think it could be?”

“I’m not sure exactly who but, maybe a monster?” He replied.

“Will they be okay?” The assistant asked. Although they were powerful, they didn’t know who or what they were running into.

“It’s hard to tell. I have to contact Mr. Roy,” The leader said as he picked up the receiver.

***

Stomp... Stomp...

The sun quickly rose above the mountains. Of course, they were very cold and after waking up from a nap, they got themselves back into the skies.

They couldn’t stay in one place for a long time since they were on the run.

“Open the magic information monitor.”

It was an item that would help them find out if anything magic related happened in an area.

“Yes, leader!” Sasaki said and they all stopped. Each of their shadows grew bigger as they got close to the ground for landing. After sitting for a while, they began to clean up a little and tried not to draw any attention towards them.

“This place...”

“It can’t be good.” The leader of the group said as Sasaki put her gear up into a tree. It seemed like a safe place but they still needed to be cautious... he had a bad feeling about it. They tried their best to stay warm as they sat on top of the Taebaek Mountains.

“Stay alert everyone, anything can happen.” The leader then handed Sasaki a piece of paper. She bit her finger and wrote something using her blood.

[Long-sighted nocturnal eye]

He could see anything through the day and night.

“There are no monsters here...” He said as he checked to see if there was anything dangerous nearby. They were almost finished with their journey but somehow, he sensed that there was something dangerous above them. “Everything seems fine.”

Sasaki then went up into the tree to rest. They felt like they could finally rest and regain their energy. But then, they heard something.

Swoosh... Pong

Trapped, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 118: Trapped 2




Suddenly they heard a big crash come out of nowhere.

The leader then got up instantly and alerted everyone to escape.

“We’re under attack! Take cover!”

Everyone then rushed around finding somewhere or something to hide and take cover. They didn’t have enough energy to use their magic at the time. Only a few seconds they heard the scream of someone who was shot by something and instantly died. They saw arrows coming from afar and up above.

“There arrows...”

Sasaki said as she watch one fly by.

When they saw an arrow, they knew exactly who it was.

“Leader!”

One of the team members said as everyone was panicking and didn’t know what to do but Sasaki was stuck in thought.

‘How are we going to get out of this’

Someone had already gotten shot in the head and all of them were too busy running around and hiding to try to defend themselves.

‘It’s him.’

Looks like Jaehwang was able to successfully track them down.

“Number 6, 7 and 8! Keep an eye on him! 41! Load up the weapons!”

“Yes, leader!”

They said in reply to Sasaki’s orders. A team member watch closely at the arrows as he tried to see where they were coming from.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Most of the members were running away.

Number 41 went to the member that had already been shot in the head and grabbed the arrow stuck in him. She used a skill to examine it.

[Memory tracing]

A blue light started to appear from her hand and her eyes turned entirely white.

“They’re coming from... North... Location... Location...”

She kept saying “location”. Her eyes soon went back to normal.

“They’re coming from the North direction! Four kilometers away! There’s only one person!”

“Good job!”

Swoosh.. Pong!

Another arrow flew by hitting another person right in the head.

“They’re coming from the North!”

Everyone then began moving towards North to capture the person who was shooting the arrows.

“It’s the enemy! Kill him!”

Yes, leader!”

All of them got their weapons and quietly ran to the center of the mountains.

[Hideout]

Sasaki’s magic surrounded the entire team and all of their eyes started to turn blue.

She was giving all of the troops energy to fight against the enemy.

[Bravery increase! Silent deer-like footsteps! Destroy the enemy!]

One by one the new strength grew into them increasing their energy. Their bravery increased and they gained the ability to sneak slowly across the mountains as quiet as a deer.

For the last step she got the paper with the blood all over it and it started to glow.

Pong pong!

Another arrow flew out of nowhere and shot yet another member in the head. However, this time it just bounced right off leaving the member uneffected, unlike before. It was the result of the magic.

“He made a big mistake.”

Sasaki said with a smile on her face.

If he was like any ordinary hunter then he wouldn’t be able to attack any distance outside of 4 kilometers.

They’ve lost three team members so far but they were now prepared. Besides, there was only one enemy so he was outnumbered. If he was only four kilometers away then they could get to him within two minutes of quickly going up the mountain.

To kill a level 7 monster hunter they would have be very careful and precise with everything they did and every step they took.

“We’re going to destroy him.”

Another arrow flew near them but those were no longer a threat to them anymore. With their magic protection everyone were sure to be unharmed.

They went on their way and began walking the four kilometer distance.

But, they couldn’t tell exactly where the enemy was.

He couldn’t have been staying in the same place the entire time. They looked everywhere but couldn’t find him.

“Split up and find him...!”

Sasaki shouted.

All of the team members then scattered to find where he was.

Swoosh! Pong!

Another arrow flew right by them and into a tree causing a big hole to appear into it.

“Check over there!”

Sasaki shouted a bit anxiously.

“West... South... About three kilometers away.”

“This is hard. He seems to be moving fast.”

After arriving at their destination of three kilometers.

They were getting close to finding him but they were running out of time.

Swoosh! Pong!

Another arrow shot right into one of them but it went right through them as if they were a ghost.

The arrows were strong but the magic was stronger.

“We all need to attack him separately but we have to move faster...”

The endurance of the spell was wearing off.

“Okay.”

The team members responded.

“Let’s hurry and destroy him so we can be on our way.”

“Yes, leader!”

Pong! Pong! Pong!

Everyone instantly began running trying to find a place to hide.

The arrows then stopped for a moment. But of course, they weren’t done for good. Hiding in the mountain during the night was the best as it was harder to see in the dark.

“Be sure to erase any tracks!”

Sasaki warned. Ten minutes had gone by and they were still continuously trying to escape.

“Leader! We’re running out of time...”

“Darn it... Alright.”

She replied and took a deep breath trying to calm down.

They were running out of time to keep hiding around.

She began to think how could they lurer the enemy in faster.

“Why don’t we have any kind of traps?!”

There were currently only 40 team members left in there group...

‘We don’t have enough people to trap him ourselves.’

He was quickly getting closer.

They were still running around trying to find him but he was moving quiet fast so they weren’t able to keep up with his exact location.

“I think I know what to do.”

Sasaki said.

Her plan was to use one of them as a decoy to lure him close where they can find him.

“Let’s begin!”

“Yes, leader!”

They all looked everywhere with tired eyes. They were looking for a place where the enemy could have escaped.

But... The spirit was watching them from afar.

-We should split up.

-They’re doing quite a good job so far. What should we do?

Jaehwang asked as he watched the assassination team. At the time he was just observing and no longer attacking.

-Let’s keep following the plan. Did you notice the magic they were using?

Jaehwang asked. He was actually purposely dragging on the time. He couldn’t find their tracks in Kyoto due to the magic so he was wondering what kind of magic it was exactly.

-It’s a very powerful type of magic. She’s clearly an expert at it.

-Interesting.

Jaehwang said in reply to the spirit as he continued to watch them.

-Well, shall we start the hunt?

He said as he quickly got back up and back into action.

[Tiger Hunter]

He used his top rank Tiger Hunter hiding skill to be able to get close without them noticing.

But of course even with that skill it would still be a bit difficult.

“Phew...”

Jaehwang couldn’t just carelessly use his tiger hunting sense. Usually he would only use it when it was absolutely necessary.

“I can’t spare one person.”

The enemy then instantly said.

Trapped 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 119: The Evil Spirits




“Remember your steps!”

The assassination team leader said as everyone continued to look for the enemy. Blue energy came out of their hands and surrounded them that caused them to divide into twenty people.

Swoosh... Swoosh...

The twenty of them soon divided even more into eighty people. Sasaki, their leader, was using a special high ranked skill to double their team members. All of them were surrounded with smoke and thick dust as the spell was casted.

[Dark clouds appear!]

Whoosh

The smoke was everywhere. It was so thick that no one could see a thing. The fog spread even more and into the silent darkness.

“We’re surely going to get him this time.”

“Good. Everyone, get in your hiding places.”

Everyone then went into their individual hiding places.

They didn’t have any time but from then on they going to wisely use the time they had to make.

-This is going to be easy.

Jaehwang had just the right plan to catch them.

-What do you think they have planned?

Jaehwang could see blue light from about twenty people scattering around in every direction.

-It looks like they’re struggling...?

The spirit asked as they watched them.

-Looks like it.

They stood there watching for a moment while they decide on what to do first.

Jaehwang wanted them to try to escape but maybe that would have been too much of a risk. Although they didn’t seem too professional, he wanted to stay on the safe side.

-Spirit?

The spirit already knew what he was thinking before he even explained it.

-I got it.

A red light appeared with a wild animal silhouette running at the speed of light inside of it.

The formation of the assassination team then began to change. It looked as if they were preparing for a war with dozens of members lined up in a certain order.

While everyone was focused on the spirit’s animal silhouette running, Jaehwang was already on his way up into the tree to hide and attack.

After reaching a spot in the tree where they won’t be able to easily see him he began to shoot arrows.

Jeeuuu Jeeuuu Jeeuu...

[Exploding Arrow]

Pang!

The arrow exploded and flew up into the air.

When catching a glimpse of it the arrow looked as if it flew up into the sky. However, if you took a closer look you would have been able to see that the arrow broke into pieces and spread all over the area.

Pong Pong!!! Pong!! Pong Pong Pong!

“Ahhhh!!”

The arrows came falling down in hundreds of pieces as if it was raining. It was a fatal attack.

Everyone were getting affected by it. It was a horrid scene.

“Great.”

Although his hands sting and were a bit sore from the shooting, it was nothing new.

In the past he develop so much knowledge and experience with arrows he knew how to handle all the consequences that came with it. Everything was now easy to him.

“We’re under attack!”

“Ahhh!”

Jaehwang then got down from the three still with using his tiger hunter sentence. Among all the scream noises he began to quickly move through all the thick fog without making a sound.

“The fog is lifting!”

One of the members shouted as they ran up ahead with a few more of them and they stood in a straight line. Although the line covered the woods almost entirely but after they were finished they fell into an illusion.

“Well, look at this...”

The spirit said right before breaking out into laughter as they watched the chaos unfold right before their eyes.

Pong pong! Pong pong pong! Pong! Pong!

“Ahhh!”

Continuous screams and panic filled the forest as Jaehwang shot arrows towards as many people as possible.

“Die!”

The spirit shouted as they shot the arrows.

“It’s going great.”

She said with a smile on her face.

Jeeuuuk!

Jaehwang continued to shoot arrows weakening the magic spell and shooting the team members one by one. But then, suddenly the spirit began to slowly step back. Seeing that make them feel more confident and began to run towards her. That was their mistake.

Swoosh! Pong!

An exploding arrow launched causing all of the members flew into the sky due to the impact.

Jaaakkk! Jiiikkk! Pong!

“Ahhhh!”

It was like a raging storm coming through the forest that created red dense fog all over the area.

“Everything seems to be going great.”

***

Jeuukkk

“Argh!”

Their leader was steadily running until she felt a sharp pain in her head that caused her to stop walking. The sharp pain began to affect the strength in her magic. Sasaki then took one more step forward and her energy began to gather up inside of her.

It was making her much stronger but the problem was that a little time before the energy inside of her came from the other members making them weaker.

‘An annihilation’

“Keep running.”

“Yes, leader!”

Sasaki said to the members.

‘Maybe I misjudged.’

The thought that the japanese clan was made up of twenty of the most elite troops help kept her at ease. Although that thought was basically just bait but it help her feel more hopeful of the outcome of the situation.

However, that confidence was shattering.

‘This is not good...’

She said with a worried look on her face. If she were to turn around then all of the members would have to as well. She was becoming very angry due to the affects the current situation was having on her team.

“Turn up the power.”

“Yes, leader.”

They had a break free plan. The assassination team was a total of twenty people and no one could attack the enemy. So far they had been running 30 kilometers with a dead end.

Then... a danger alarm began to go off inside of her head...

Tak Tak!

Sasaki then flew into the air the moment she had that thought of danger. Blue dust then showed up into the two of her hands and there was a flash along with a collision as she held them together.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

She then fell and crash into the ground as the impact was too strong to control.

“Ugh, it’s not working.”

Jiiiikkk...

She picked herself up and her armor had became bruised and dented due to the explosion impact. She also looked down on her left arm to see an arrow stuck into it. A very small arrow was somehow able to pierce through her armor.

“Looks like he’s hunting.”

Sasaki said with a laugh. He was disintegrating the spell with the arrow.

She could tell that he was a naturally very talented hunter with powerful skilled passed down from his ancestors. He wasn’t like any other hunter but he didn’t seem to be so strong in using magic. If he was good at how much more powerful could he be? The Japanese clan realised that he would be pushed away as an outsider if people were to know his capabilities.

In that place there was a strange fate awaiting for Jaehwang. The ancient Japanese spell had begun and he was able to do just what he had planned. He was able to reestablish the spell by going one level higher. Since then he was able to block them out no matter what.

“This can’t be.”

Sasaki said in a worried tone.

They were only getting even more trapped. There was absolutely no way to escape. But then...

“Forgive give me!”

Sasaki said as she life both of her hands into the air. The other clan members had an extremely shocked look on their faces seeing such a thing. But, what happened next was even more surprising.

She then cut open her hand and without any blood falling onto the floor she gathered both of her hands and walked forward.

[A blood offering]

All of the blood soon soaked up and she then stared at it and shouted,

“I summon you!”

Pong!

Red energy light exploded into the air scattering everywhere forming four red figures.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

Four giant stone shaped pillars fell from the sky out of nowhere placed on each side close by Sasaki. On the pillars were hundreds of writings engraves into them and energy was emitted out of them filling the spaces between them. This was called Jeonju.

The moment the Jeonju crashed into the ground black energy light began to emit from the center of Sasaki.

“I summon you!”

She shouted.

“Arghhhhh!”

More and more red energy light bagan to show up and cover her entirely causing her to start to become noticeably stronger.

“Hahahaha... I’m strong!”

All of the energy quickly gather towards her at the speed of light.

“More! A little more!”

She focused on the energy until it was all finished. She continued to grow stronger and stronger by the second.

The Evil Spirits, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 120: Evil Spirits 2




Whooosh... Kwang!

Arrows were still falling from the sky but it was no longer worthy of their attention.

“Ha, these arrows...” Sasaki said as she caught an arrow in her hand and broke it. Her blood came out because of her wounds but it soon disappeared. She had gained a regeneration skill.

All the bones in her body were noticeably strong by the fact that they could now be seen even through the armor she wore. It looked like they’ve grown to their limits. She clearly had a high boost on both of her strength and skills. Sasaki’s armor looked like more of a burden now that it was torn open because of her transformation.

“Arghhh!!!” Sasaki shouted as she readied herself to fight.

***

—Wow.

—Well, this is not good.

Jaehwang said after they’ve watched Sasaki’s transformation.

—What do you mean?

—Maybe we could just fight with a stick or something...

Jaehwang fell silent the moment he heard her reply.

—It was a joke. Hahaha!

Jaehwang was standing on a rock that was only two kilometers away from Sasaki. He went over there so no one would be able to notice him easily.

—Stop joking around. Do you know what this means?

—Of course. It’s like a level up transformation but it was made possible through a spell. She looks like she knew a lot about this...

—Level up?

—Yes, a level up. Some advanced sorcerers were weak in terms of their physical capabilities so to make up for that, they’ll take the strength of others to protect themselves. By using a blood sacrifice, they could maintain that power depending on the quality of what they’ve used. That could probably last about forever, arrows or other weapons won’t help at all since they could now heal themselves right away.

—How strong is she? How much time will it take to defeat her?

—Her attacks shouldn’t be too strong. The real question is, how much can she maintain that form. As long as you could avoid her attacks then you should be fine. She’s probably only about 5th or 6th tier after her power boost.

—Anything else I should know?

—Her mobility and durability should be really good. I’d say it would last about three hours. Either you break that spell by killing her other clan members or wait around for three hours until her spell wears off.

—Alright.

Jaehwang replied as soon as she finished her explanation. She didn’t look so powerful and apparently, her attacks wouldn’t be so strong. He could fight her right away and since they were in the mountains, he could play around with all of his advantages.

—I’m ready.

Jaehwang with a voice filled with confidence.

—Okay. But remember, I don’t know exactly what is going on and how this will go.

The spirit replied. They had to understand the area that they were moving on.

—Alright, thanks.

Jaehwang knew exactly what to do...

“Hmm, I’m going to need some help if I’m going to catch them,” Jaehwang said as he thought about it. He needed time to prepare.

—Can you help me?

He asked the spirit.

—I can’t, this is something that you could get some hunting experience from.

Jaehwang then took a deep breath and gently pulled back the bowstring with his right hand. He closed his eyes and with a hint of confidence, he went over his plan.

He remembered how he would hunt wild pigs in the mountains a long time ago. They were also fast and strong but he was still able to hunt a lot of them. Jaehwang and his father would always hunt them together and as his father would watch them take their last breath, he would ask him,

“Isn’t this fun?”

“Yes!” Jaehwang would then reply with his words filled with joy.

***

Jiiijiikk...

“Stupid fly!” Sasaki shouted as she punched a rock that was much bigger compared to hers.

Kwang Kwang Kwang!!!!

The rock was then broken into pieces and was scattered all over the place. Obviously, that wasn’t a problem for her thanks to her monster transformation.

Swoosh... Pong!

An arrow flew into the back of her head and right before then, a few rocks came in at the speed of a cannonball. All of the trees that surrounded her were torn down due to all of his explosive attacks.

“Die,” The monster thought to herself. Jaehwang kept hiding after attacking, leading their fight into a game of hide-and-seek that lasted for about an hour. At first, the monster thought she could instantly catch her enemy but she failed. She looked around but she couldn’t find him, all she knew was that he couldn’t have run away to escape.

If they weren’t in the forest then she could easily catch him and kill him. Little did she know that he was hiding between a big tree and a rock to waste her time as much as possible. He waited for the spell to wear off as he waited for the right time to start his assault.

‘It’s time!’

He prepared his bow and arrow.

Pong pong pong!!!!

“Arghh!” The monster shouted as a few arrows buried themselves in her back while Jaehwang kept his presence hidden as he attacked.

The monster’s eyes kept blinking from her normal dark brown eyes to red.

“It’s dangerous.” He continued to stay hidden, pretending as if he had escaped as he shot his arrows behind the trees and rocks from a distance.

“Arghh!”

Pong Pong Pong!

He threw around a lot of rocks and sticks to mess her up. He continued to harass her with his simple attacks as he prepared himself to start off his plan. He kept this on while using his [Tiger Hunter] skill to move around without being seen.

—Shoot!

The arrow flew through the air and hit the monster causing it to roar in pain.

“Come out and fight me for real you coward!” The monster shouted.

—Does it think that I’m stupid?

—Maybe.

Jaehwang replied but then again, this wasn’t a fight, this was a hunt.

—If you two were to fight face-to-face then they would probably run away again.

The spirit said.

—Let’s see.

The spirit remained hidden in the trees as he kept her eyes on the monster and her other clan members.

—Ready?

—Ready!

They were finally prepared and ready to go on with what he had planned.

[Arrow Barrage!]

The spirit could help him this time.

Jaehwang held both of his hands together. A full moon came out of the sky as he called upon a lightning that struck him and slowly, he became stronger and stronger.

[Strong Arrow and Exploding arrow!]

Whoosh! Pong!

A gigantic sonic boom occurred that ripped through the skies with its piercing glow. It flew through the sky and reached its target. The monster tried to run away but unfortunately, it caught up to her.

Ponggg!

Another arrow came in like a cannonball while the other crashed into the nearby tree.

The monster fell into the ground because of the gigantic impact that shook it She was left unable to move and although she couldn’t see who did it to her, she knew that it was Jaehwang. She could no longer fight back. She had become too weak to heal herself, it was as if she was on the verge of death.

“I..I need to eat.”

She grabbed a handful of fallen leaves from the ground and stuffed it in her mouth. She felt as if she couldn’t breathe but she felt her senses coming back by the minute.

“This... Isn’t working.” She started to crawl away in order to escape, but that was her mistake.

She wondered why she had to suffer that way. Maybe the transformation was a big mistake. She thought that she should have just used her clan members as a decoy so that they could escape one by one.

Evil Spirits 2, The End.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 121: The Top Hunter




Tak...Tak

Something suddenly hit her head as soon as she realized that her enemy was moving in closer.

‘It’s watching me.’

The hunt wasn’t over yet.

Swosh... Pong

He shot another arrow and it went into Sasaki’s arm.

Swoosh... Swoosh swoosh...

Pong... Pong... pong...

He riddled her body with arrows except for her head. She wriggled like an earthworm despite the arrows that were buried in her body. She was now too weak to heal herself.

Jaehwang had no mercy within him, he has gotten used to hunting monsters and animals. If the monster could endure it for a little more then it would’ve escaped. She had a lot of arrows inside her but she was still far from her last breath.

“Please spare me!” Sasaki begged.

With those words, the hunter actually replied and she heard its voice for the first time. It was a voice that belonged to a young man and he wore a headset that enabled him to translate his words into their native language.

Unfortunately, what he said wasn’t what the monster was hoping to hear.

“Hmm, your back looks fine. Looks like I should shoot again.”

He said right before he shot another arrow.

Kwang!

“Spare me, spare me!” An arrow landed on her back and she shouted in pain.

Sasaki pleaded once again but Jaehwang just shot another arrow which she could no longer endure.

She had used all of her strength. She was confident about her spells but it seems that she had underestimated the abilities of her enemy. With a sense of shame, she then began to stand up.

—It looks like she’s all out of energy.

She finally got up, she walked back for a few steps and healed herself from the wounds that were caused by her hunter.

—Should I attack once more?

—No, we’re done.

The spirit replied and Jaehwang nodded in agreement. It seems that the monster would die if they attacked it one more time. There were about 200 arrows in her body and it was now struggling to move.

Jaehwang didn’t want to kill her.

Tak...

Jaehwang then walked over towards the monster, he was finally able to approach Sasaki.

“So, how’s it going?” Jaehwang said as a terrible attempt to start up some small talk. He wasn’t wearing the headset so he didn’t know if Sasaki would understand what he’s saying.

-—Shouldn’t you wear the headset?

—Ah, right, I forgot.

—Here.

—Ugh, this one is dirty... Buy me a new one.

Jaehwang remembered when the spirit owed him something because of a bet and that was how he got the headset.

Teuk...

“Can you hear me?”

“...”

He didn’t get an answer so Jaehwang adjusted it and tried again.

Teukteuk...

Even after he adjusted the settings, she still didn’t say a word.

“Say something.”

Jaehwang tried to get the monster’s attention but it seemed to have been ignoring him. He reached into his waist and got a knife. His plan was to use the knife to help the monster take out the arrows stuck inside of it.

He needed some information, that clan leader worked with Songjae. That’s why he knew it would be a bad idea to kill it. With that, he took a deep breath and approached the monster in front of him.

“I’ll help you,” Jaehwang whispered to her with a hint of anxiety. He didn’t want to be so cruel but after living his life as a hunter, he learned what he needed to do to survive.

Besides, that person was responsible for sooji’s death. He did the right thing, in a way.

“Huh?” Jaehwang said with a confused tone. Something was strange. If the monster was injured that much then it wouldn’t even have been able to stand at all. Jaehwang then started to doubt its moment of weakness.

—What is this?

—What?

—This thing should be dead already.

Jaehwang examined the arrows inside of the monster just to see that its wounds were already healed. Jaehwang then asked the spirit once again.

—Is it dead? How is it still moving?

—She should be fine because of her natural protection and healing ability. Would it be a good thing if you killed her? Try to give her a nudge and see what happens...

The spirit suggested. He went to track them down to avenge Sooji’s death. The most important thing right now was that he didn’t fail on what he intended to do in the first place.

“Sigh...” He sighed and sat down on the ground. His shadow grew tall as the sun began to come up. As time went by, he began to feel more and more tired.

The spirit sat next to him while eating a chocolate bar. She then quietly reached out her hand towards Jaehwang to offer him a piece of her snack.

“This will make you feel better. Try it.”

“....” Although he knew that it wouldn’t make him feel much better, he took it anyway.

***

He left the Japanese clan in the mountains now that he had gotten his revenge.

By that time, the Koreans were able to revive the Pyeongan area. A lot of clans joined in and in the process, they were able to finish it faster than what they had expected. They received their stocks among with all of their other options.

But of course, the clan weren’t satisfied with just that.

The stock market gave them a fair share of headaches, however, all of their hard work was paid off with the amazing results that they’ve procured.

Unfortunately, the Daehyeon group lost their investments and their stocks failed miserably. It was even all over the media.

[Daehyeon clan continuously loses investments]

[Will the Daehyeon group continue with this streak of failure?]

[What will come of this situation?]

Jaehwang found out that they had been cheating around with their stocks when he broke into their laboratory. He then sent it to the media anonymously to prove their claims.

“It seems that they have brought a lot of shame and disappointment to their name. They tried to hide their illegal acts but they have been caught by an anonymous individual.” The news reporter stated on the live broadcast.

***

Jaehwang placed the collection of files on the table where Gwanjae was sitting at. However, Gwanjae didn’t even open them before he looked up at him with an aloof expression. He didn’t understand why his expression was so dull.

“They are my responsibility. It’s not your place to take them down.” Gwanjae said as he took the documents. Obviously, he wasn’t going to read them. “Why are you doing this?”

“....”

“I’m clearly the one who’s left to pick up the trash in this situation.”

Deuuk deukk...

The desk suddenly began to shake.

“What do you think the media and the officials of the World Hunter Association would think of me when they hear about this?! Do you know what this means for me?!”

Crash!

Gwanjae slammed his fist into the desk and broke it in half.

“I’m sorry,” Jaehwang said with his head held down in shame.

Of course, Gwanjae usually didn’t like the idea of them working with their nation’s Hunter Association but it was a responsibility that he took pride in.

Jaehwang began to feel sad and angry with himself for disappointing Gwanjae. He thought that maybe, he had made a mistake.

The Top Hunter, The End.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 122: A Complicated Situation




“What should we do?”

“First we need to team up with the Japanese clan and decide from there.” Gwanjae tried to come up with a plan to save their name.

“But are you sure that’s going to work? The Daehyeon clan’s name already has such a bad reputation. Maybe we can just call the media channels and pay them off to stop them.” Jaehwang suggested but Gwanjae just got angrier. They were so deep into the problem and it seemed as if there was no way out of it.

“When is the exposition?”

“It is scheduled at the beginning of next month.”

“Alright, I guess we’ll focus on the Daehyeon clan and the president until then.”

“Okay.”

“And keep an eye on the Japanese clan as this situation improves.”

“Got it.”

“Don’t disappoint me,” Gwanjae said and Jaehwang exited the room with his chin still down. “Rumi,”

“I found it!” Rumi shouted as he ran into the room.

“What’s going on?” Gwanjae asked with a confused look on his face.

“They were out yesterday on a raid.”

Gwanjae tilted his head the moment he heard Rumi’s words. “They were on a raid?”

“Yes. They were found in South Hwanghae Province. They went out on the raid early in the morning yesterday. They were bought back safety and they are now currently receiving treatments for their sustained injuries.”

“No, No,” Gwanjae said in a worried tone.

“The raid team didn’t call for backup or anything? Are you sure about this?”

Many high ranked hunters were on the raid so Gwanjae didn’t understand how anything could have gone so terribly wrong. Lately, there had been so many monsters showing up across the country so a lot of hunters were sent into their nests to hunt them down.

Rumi then took a deep breath and replied, “It was because of Jaehwang.”

Jaehwang made a really big mistake that affected everyone. Gwanjae’s eyes widened in surprise at Rumi’s answer but then his frown turned upside down. Jaehwang was an advanced level hunter. The other hunters that had the same license as his were still not as skilled as he was.

“Haha... is that so?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Hm... Are we going to need him again?”

If he was able to save those high-ranked hunters then maybe it would be a good thing to keep him around.

“You could recommend him.”

“Me?” Gwanjae asked and Rumi replied,

“Yes. You know him best and you helped him improve even more. Besides, he has much more experience than the other hunters. I think that he would make a great recommendation.”

Gwanjae thought that Rumi did have a point but he still wasn’t completely sure about it. Jaehwang was strong but he still needed to be careful and not think that he’s just invincible.

“Hmm..” Gwanjae was still contemplating. He was going to deny it at first but after hearing Rumi’s reasoning, he decided that maybe it would be a great idea to give Jaehwang another chance.

“Do you think that they would still have a normal life as a hunter?”

Jaehwang already had a high status and some fans.

Originally, Gwanjae didn’t want him to join the group because they had too many members in the past. Just getting onto the team was extremely difficult. They would be judged according to their talents and value towards the team and if one were to be chosen, the hardships won’t end there.

“Okay. Do you think he’ll make it?” Gwanjae asked after he agreed with his idea. If Jaehwang would be able to pass their evaluation, he would surely be the best member of their group.

“Well...” Rumi replied as if he forgot what he was going to say.

“..What is it...”

“It seems that lately, no one was able to get past through the evaluation.”

“Huh, that must be the catch...” Gwanjae said in a worried tone.

‘True and he has no self-awareness...’ Rumi thought to himself.

***

“Look at that person.”

“What about it? It’s just some clan. That person...”

There were whispers coming from everywhere. The two of them watched as the crowd gathered together in groups of threes and twos.

—Those Idiots...

—Hey, calm down.

Jaehwang said to the spirit as he tried to listen to their whispers.

—Looks like someone’s in a bad mood.

—No, I’m not.

He was trying to see if anyone were whispering about him since he was the one to blame for what happened yesterday.

[We would provide you with all the weapons that you would need but you are permitted to bring your personal weapons if you do so desire.]

He connected to the internet in search of the weapons that they needed. He wanted to buy a new set of gloves since the one that they have gives off a bad odor. The reason he used those items and weapons instead of his own was that his personal weapons were either broken or had become dull at the moment.

However, he won’t be able to get his personal weapons now that he’s there. He had spent so much of his money on weapons so they really worked well while they lasted.

“Some of these weapons are cool.”

“They’re like a work of art.”

Those weapons were everything but ordinary, every piece of it was made and crafted by the best weapon developers, the Aietem. It was the best of the best but none of it were special in his eyes.

“What kind of weapon is that!?” A hunter shouted as he stared at those set of weapons. The weapons that remained inside of the protective glass had their brands carved on them.

One of the hunters then curiously said, “But they’re not from the Aietem...”

A lot of high-leveled hunters were gathered into the shopping area so they could see those artifacts. However, Jaehwang just didn’t understand what made them so special. Besides, there was nothing good about their price or their design.

—Are you going to buy something?

—I don’t know, they’re basically useless.

Jaehwang replied to the spirit. A stream of energy then came out of nowhere and surrounded him right before a fancy black cloak appeared on his shoulders.

“Ooooh!” The others in the room watched in awe.

Although the weapons that he had were remarkable, the sudden appearance of that cloak looked like a scene taken out of a movie.

—You’re doing this on purpose?

—Of course.

Rather than hiding his weapons, he decided to take everything in the open for everyone to see.

“W-What clan are you apart of?” Said by the woman who walked up to him.

A hunter’s set of weapons were usually provided to them by their respective clans. His head was covered with a hood so no one could see his face and that made him look cooler.

“Advanced” Jaehwang was tired so his answer was short but the people still showered him with their admiration.

“A-Advanced!”

“Woah! That’s so awesome!” All of the other hunters around gasped and whispered in awe.

Jaehwang didn’t care for their attention but it was nice to be around with the hunters that had the same rank as him. His hunter license was one of the rarest kinds but that’s fine, the hunters that surrounded him weren’t too far behind him in terms of skill.

The woman went away to get him a weapon according to his clan name but she couldn’t find anything. Was there anything even there for him in the first place?

A Complicated Situation, The End.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 123: A Complicated Situation 2




“T-That name...” The lady stuttered. Jaehwang then instantly got up from his seat and just walked away.

“..Huh?” The woman then got up and went after him. ‘He’s so cool. Where is he going?!’

His face was hidden but that made him cooler compared to everyone else. She followed him and at the moment they reached the corner of the building, he disappeared right before her eyes. She tried to look around but she wasn’t able to find him.

—Isn’t it great being famous?

—It’s tiresome.

Jaehwang used his [Tiger Hunter] skill to hide and to avoid the others that could sense him, he went to the rooftop and tried to relax.

-Finally...

Jaehwang said as he took a deep breath and leaned back onto the ground. After all of that attention, he needed to take some time for himself in a place where it’s peaceful and quiet.

-Doesn’t the sky look so clear today?

-Yes, it looks amazing.

He followed the advice that Rumi gave him to try to get to know the other hunters but it didn’t seem to work out well.

“There’s a raid starting at 12:00 AM up to 1:00 PM. I hope that you all could join the others for lunch and also, the raid squad’s lodging has already been scheduled for its assigned members...” Announced by a voice coming through a big speaker from the center of the building. Soon after the announcement, all of the hunters had gathered into a certain restaurant.

Jaehwang couldn’t think about eating and just enjoyed the scenery with his head facing down or maybe he just had an upset stomach after eating.

Someone saw him lying on top of the building and she said, “Ah... Yes. Right, this way. Yes. the place will be open until next month. Yes. I’m sorry.”

“...”

—What?

—Shhh, I’m trying to listen...

Jaehwang said as he eavesdropped on their conversations from inside the building.

“Okay, mom. Are you doing well? Are you eating? Don’t hurt yourself okay? Just think about getting better.”

He listened to the conversation and it sounded like someone’s mother was in the hospital.

—It must be hard.

—I know and it seems that her leg was injured.

From the sound of it, it seemed to be a girl. Maybe she was 17? Or maybe 15 from the looks of her height. She wore a prosthetic leg and after her phone call, the girl took a deep breath and walked into the restaurant.

“Sigh...” Jaehwang watched as she walked away out of his sight.

—You’re interested in her?

—Yes.

—Why?

—Because, she reminds me of me from a couple of years ago.

Their situations weren’t the same but seeing her made him think of himself when his face became ruined after that car accident. Although she struggled a little to walk, she seemed quite confident.

***

“We will form your team composition in the squad headquarters. I’ll explain what happens next when everyone’s in order.”

“Group A!”

“Group C!” Said one of the leaders standing on a podium in the room. He wore his military uniform as he called the others that belonged in his group.

“Hi!” Jaehwang said as he tried his best to look nice. There was one guy and one girl wearing the same colored uniform on their team.

“Hi, I’m Yun Jeongsu. nice to meet you.” Jeongsu wore a power suit and he looked strong. He introduced himself and shook Jaehwang’s hand.

“My name is Jeon Jaehwang.”

“My name is Nami.”

“I’m Geunsu.”

“And my name is Yuna.”

They were all part of the same clan besides Jaehwang. Although that wasn’t a problem, they were lucky that they were familiar with each other and other than Jeongsu, their team was made up of girls.

Jaehwang then smelled a strong scent of perfume and wondered how much perfume could someone possibly wear. Three of the girls were standing together and maybe that was the reason behind that.

The guy then walked up to them and with an angry tone, he said, “You three are not helping the squad at all!”

“Is it possible if we could just work alone?!” One of the girls said but the guy then rudely shouted,

“Look at this! How will you be able to get anything done with a leg like that!?”

Jaehwang then instantly turned around to see what was going on and he saw the girl that he watched earlier. She clearly looked upset by what he had just said.

“It is the boss’ right to divide the responsibility of the monster hunting tasks.”

The squad composition couldn’t be changed. Moving their teammates were still possible but there won’t be enough if someone were to go in alone. It wasn’t as simple as just adding a new person to help them hunt, it would take a lot more to recruit a new one.

Jaehwang then went to him and said, “Well, maybe with all that needs to be done, there could be room for at least one more person... Right?”

“What do you mean?” He asked as a reply to his suggestion.

“It’s going to be difficult, I think that we should get all of the people that we could just to be safe.”

“Hm...” After a moment of thought, the boss decided to agree.

“Great,” Jaehwang said in relief.

“Are you sure you can handle this?” The leader asked Jaehwang and the girl.

He looked at the girl’s artificial leg with pity. With a situation like that, hunting could be dangerous. It was very common for a hunter to risk their life for a mission and although they had a healer, healing could be impossible depending on the situation.

Handicapped hunters would usually end up retiring. Even when they retire, they would still have their skills and they could live the rest of their life easily just like any other person would despite their disabilities.

Jaehwang then raised his hand.

“What is it?” The leader asked.

“I don’t like this squad, I want to switch to a different one,” Jaehwang said. His squad members then looked at him in shock.

“Huh...”

“We didn’t know you felt that way...” Jeongsu said.

“Sorry. I just don’t think we’ll work well together. That’s all. No hard feelings, right?” Jaehwang replied casually.

“I know what’s going on...” Nami said.

“Huh?” Jeongsu asked. Jaehwang then said,

“What’s the number one rule of being a hunter?”

“Save one’s life...” One of them answered. That was one of the first rule that all hunters learned.

‘Save one’s life.’

Years ago, a thousand hunters risked their lives to save 50 people from a monster invasion. Only 10 hunters made it out alive in the end, but their sacrifice was greatly recognized. They were proud.

“Are you guys trying to dishonor that rule right now?” Jaehwang looked around and saw the others agreeing with his words.

Somehow things were going great. They couldn’t possibly say something back on something that could brand them as someone who’s dishonorable.

“Listen here! Do you think you’re that smart?! So are you going to be our sacrifice?!”

“Y-Yes! Those old fashioned rules are not a problem! Is it a problem that I want to switch squads because I feel that the hunters on my team aren’t skilled enough?!” Everyone then looked over at his squad members. His members then looked at him and said,

“Not skilled enough?” One of the girls asked.

“That’s right! all of you are lacking!” Jaehwang replied.

“Ha...”

“Who are you to have such an attitude towards me?”

Whooshh

Jaehwang was then surrounded by a clear light made with energy and all of the other hunters in the room watched in shock and awe. He just stood there, completely calm and in silence as those things floated around him and surrounded his squad members.

“W-What’s going on...” The leader asked.

“Don’t be so annoying,” Jaehwang said and then he noticed someone standing in front of him. It was a girl. She was a lot shorter than him, she almost looked like a small child.

She reached out her hand towards him and asked, “Do you want to team up?”

“Huh?” He was confused as to why she would want to team up together with him. “You’re changing teams?” Jaehwang asked in a bit of an annoyed tone but the girl continued to reach her hand out as she shook her head to say yes.

“Would it be okay even if there are just two people on a squad?” Jaehwang asked their leader.

The leader then quickly looked through a few of the papers he was holding and replied, “Looks like it would be fine. But, do you two really think it would be a good idea?...”

“Let’s do it.”

“Awesome.”

Jaehwang and the girl then shook hands.

A Complicated Situation 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 124: Wipe Out




The others were still in the process of establishing their squad while Jaehwang and the girl were all set and ready to go. Of course, those who were apart of his previous squad were angry about everything he had said but Jaehwang didn’t mind it at all.

“Excuse me...” The girl said to Jaehwang.

“Ah...” Jaehwang then looked behind him to see who it was. The girl then pointed at a bench on the other side of the room and said,

“Can we talk over there?”

He then followed her over to the bench where they both sat down.

“I would like to apologize about what happened,” Jaehwang said.

“No no, Don’t worry about it, I’m sorry too,” The girl replied casually.

—She does seem really strong.

—She is.

Jaehwang said in agreement with the spirit.

“Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Jaehwang, a level 7 hunter.”

“My name is Seongbin, level 8 hunter.”

“Level eight?” Jaehwang replied in shock.

“How old are you?”

“Seventeen.”

“Wow,” Jaehwang said in awe. She was only seventeen but she’s already so strong and advanced. The more she talked, the more surprised he becomes.

“I’ve been training since I was 13.”

Jaehwang walked over from the vending machine and handed her a drink.

“Your leg reminds me of something. But your injury doesn’t seem to slow you down.” Jaehwang said, she then smiled and replied,

“Don’t worry about it.”

Jaehwang mirrored her expression and took a sip from his drink.

“You seem really strong too,” Seongbin said. Obviously, she was strong but from what she had seen, Jaehwang and her were pretty close in terms of skill.

“You must have really good eyesight..” Jaehwang replied. He was known as a very powerful hunter who was recognized by everyone everywhere he went.

“So, how did you start? Becoming a hunter I mean...” Jaehwang asked and Seongbin took a deep breath and drank some of her soda before she answered his question.

She told him her entire story from when she was 13 all the way until recently.

Fortunately for her, she had received a lot of requests to participate in raids taking place all over the country ever since she became a hunter. Thanks to her outstanding skills at such a young age, she was branded as a very strong and reliable hunter. She was later accepted into a small but powerful and fairly well-known clan thanks to her father. However, one day she got into an accident while fighting off a monster on a raid that caused a severe leg injury two years ago.

She continued on explaining everything to Jaehwang.

“Oh, wow...” Jaehwang said feeling terrible about her story.

He felt bad hearing about what had happened to her yet she still continued to chase her dreams and that was what he found impressive. Especially because of the fact that she fought against such a high-leveled monster.

“Our entire raid squad almost died that day and we even failed our mission. My leg was bitten off by that monster and our healer couldn’t even fix it. Ever since then, it’s like I’ve always had to be supervised whenever I enter a mission. It’s such a shame, I used to be just like everyone else but nevertheless, I had no other choice than to get myself together and keep trying even though it’s still really difficult.”

Jaehwang then told her the story about his car accident and his parents. It must have been fate that caused them to cross paths. Just as when everything was starting to collapse, everything seems to have become brighter.

He took another sip of his soda, still feeling a bit terrible about her story. He actually had no reason for joining Seongbin’s team, he just wanted a chance to get to know her better.

—Stop!

The spirit shouted at Jaehwang.

—Quiet.

—Drink your soda alone!

—If the grape flavor wasn’t so expensive then I totally wouldn’t have drink it but I can’t waste any money by just not drinking it...

He took a refreshing sip from his soda and asked, “How’re your supporting skills?”

Every raid needs a type of a support skill in one way or another.

“It’s not bad, it usually does the trick but...” She hesitated to finish on what she was saying.

“But?”

“It’s quite useless now that my leg is left in this condition... The attack reaches about 50 meters but I can’t, not that fast...”

“I understand...” Jaehwang replied in a bit of a sad tone. He could see how sad she felt about not being able to properly participate in her missions like everyone else. “Hey”

“Yeah?” Seongbin replied.

“Do you need a lot of money? Jaehwang calmly asked.

“Money? I wish I had enough of it.”

“Really? Well, would you maybe like to borrow some?”

She looked at him with a confused expression. He then handed her a piece of paper and said, “Take this. It’s a map of the entire raid area, this will make things a lot easier. And... if you need any help then just let me know.”

Seongbin took the paper and looked at it for a second.

“Wow... Thank you so much, I really appreciate it.” She replied and Jaehwang smiled back.

“No problem. You already have it in you, so you could definitely do it on your own.”

“There’s something I’m curious about,” Seongbin asked.

“What is it?”

“Catching all these monsters and selling them would earn me a lot of money... how were you able to do all this?”

“Well, I’ve been doing this for a while and was able to pick up a lot of tips and tricks. I spent a lot of time saving up and collecting lots of money to use in case of emergencies or anything like that.”

“Interesting, I’m impressed.” She replied.

“Is there a certain type of monster around here that you would like to know about?” Jaehwang asked and Seongbin thought about it for a moment before she answered him.

Wipe Out, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 125: Wipe Out 2




Seongbin sat there and thought about his question for a moment. It seemed that he had given it a lot of thought.

“Are you sure?”

“Completely,” Jaehwang replied.

“Hmm.” While still feeling a bit hesitant, she thought about it a little more. After a little while longer she finally replied, “I will have to take responsibility for the hunter’s safety.”

Jaehwang then nodded his head and said, “This will make it easy.”

“It seems so.”

Everything seemed to be under control so nothing could possibly go wrong. Capturing the monsters on the raid would be quick and easy. However, they weren’t necessarily a squad since there were only two of them on a team and one of them had an unwell leg. They had a good plan and strategy but it was best that they would still be wary of anything that’s dangerous.

He looked hesitant but Jaehwang took a deep breath and shot an arrow.

Swoosh... Pang!

It flew into the sky and down to its target. He looked confused since the arrow wasn’t going where he intended it to be but Seongbin looked at it with a surprised look on her face.

“Ahhh!” Seongbin screamed as she looked up into the sky, she couldn’t believe what she was seeing.

Jijjiiiijiiiiijji!

Boom!

After a loud explosion, a giant monster flew out of the sky and into the ground about 200 meters away from them.

It was a fourth tier monster that had a wingspan of eight meters. The monster was flying in place in the sky as if it was hiding until the arrow managed to hit it and caused its fall. Seeing a monster like that around in this area was pretty uncommon since their hiding skills were exceptional.

“Wow, was that thing was hiding in the sky?” Jaehwang shouted in shock. He had studied about those type of monsters before but he had never seen one of them.

An anti-aircraft weapon was installed so they could attack the fourth tier monsters without using much of their powerful skills. All they had to do was aim.

“So now that that’s done, can we just relax?

“Well, I guess so!” She said in reply to Jaehwang’s question. Jaehwang found a computer network and typed in the information that he needed.

There wasn’t much on the computer. Although they were relaxing, they still needed something to help them detect the monsters so they could stay out of danger. However, the information provided just needed a password that they didn’t know.

He then took a closer look at the information but no matter how he looked at it, he still didn’t understand a thing.

“I think we might be here for a while. Everything seems to have changed a lot around here. I wonder if there were some changes on the hunting grounds...”

They were in a cold and relaxing area however, they would be in trouble if they couldn’t figure out the networking signal. Their leader trusted Jaehwang, especially that he would be able to perfectly do everything as he instructed.

“Thanks for everything so far.”

“Wait.”

Click!

He was finally able to figure out the code to get what he needed.

“Wow.”

They went back to the leader. Seongbin then called Jaehwang’s name.

“Jaehwang.”

“Huh?”

“Good job.” She patted him on the shoulder and gave him a bright smile.

***

The next morning, Jaehwang woke up early and went to the main base with Seongbin. All of the other hunters were still asleep and Seongbin walked pretty fast as if they were running out of time.

“Are you okay?”

“Yes, of course,” Seongbin answered breathlessly. Jaehwang then started to walk faster so he could keep up.

....

Five minutes haven’t even gone by but they were already excessively sweating. Jaehwang couldn’t keep up with her fast pace.

They showed up at a collapsed building after about an hour of walking. There used to be a lot of buildings here as well and those who were left could only be determined by their traces. They started to see a big meadow up ahead of them as they walked further, it was endlessly gigantic and it had beautiful flowers that spanned for miles.

Jaehwang then stopped walking and rested his hands on his knees as he tried to catch his breath. Seongbin reached for something in her pocket and took out the paper that Jaehwang handed her the other day.

“Is this it?” Jaehwang confusingly looked at the directions that he sent to the leader last night to find a specific monster.

Everyone was split up into their respective groups but no one saw that monster at all.

“Hmm... Let’s go this way.” Jaehwang said as pointed towards his side.

Jiiijjiijjjjiii

Jaehwang and Seongbin started to hear some noise as they walked further. The sound grew louder and louder and it made Seongbin anxious.

“Let’s have a little break before we move on,” Jaehwang said. “Seongbin, how’s our progress?”

“I’ll go check!” Seongbin replied to Jaehwang and suddenly, a blue light started to glow around them.

[Strength and Power increased by 10 percent.]

[Speed increased by 10 percent.]

[Stamina increased by 10 percent.]

[Attack strength increased by 30 percent.]

The status window opened and showed his previous upgrades. Jaehwang smiled as he was happy to see his progress.

—Spirit?

—What is it?

—I need a little help.

—Hm, alright, is everything okay? Did you get hurt or something?”

—I’m getting a bit tired out.

—Okay.

A holographic message then showed up in front of Jaehwang.

[Skill Update]

[Energy improvement +1]

[Skill strength improvement +100]

[Healing energy improvement +10 percent.]

“Argh!”

He gathered his hand into a fist before he placed both of his hands over his head in frustration. Jaehwang then stood up and walked away from the area that he and Seongbin were sitting. At least he was about to, but dozens of monsters began to run towards them from every direction. It looked as if they were slow but they were actually running towards them at full speed.

Seongbin noticed Jaehwang looking at something so she got up to see what it was. She saw those beasts moving in to attack them so she readied herself to fight them off.

Deukdeukdeuk

Jaehwang raised his bow and began his assault.

Teuk! Teuk! Teukteukteuk!!! Teuk!!!

A dense stream of red energy was scattered all around the area along with his arrows and all of it exploded upon impact. It made up a lot of smoke but it soon went away, leaving the corpses of those monsters on the ground.

“....”

Although Seongbin knew he was very skilled and experienced, she was still shocked and speechless.

“Are you okay?” Jaehwang asked her.

“Yes, I’m fine.” She replied. Although, on the inside, she was in a complete shock.

“Hey”

“Yeah?”

“Let’s leave behind a sign that someone was here and then leave.”

“How about we write the letter ‘K’?”

“Okay.” Jaehwang agreed. She then picked up a stick and wrote the letter K into the ground.

“Wow, we caught 10 of them.”

Jaehwang alerted them about how many monsters they’ve caught through their walkie talkie before they took out the map that pointed them to their next destination.

“This way,” Jaehwang told her the way where the map told them to go. “Let’s go.”

“Okay.”

They both went towards their next hunting grounds but then, Seongbin’s leg then started to hurt. Jaehwang noticed it immediately and he placed his hand over her leg.

[Emergency healing]

Swooshh...

“Ohh...”

A red energy came out of Jaehwang’s hand and all the pain that she had immediately disappeared.

“That should do it. Let’s go,” Jaehwang said as soon as he started to move on. Seongbin stood still in shock for a moment before she got herself back up on her feet.

“Amazing.” She said as she walked further without all that pain.

“Is there a secret place safe house around here?” She asked as she quickly ran up ahead to catch up to him.

“Yep,” Jaehwang replied.

“Wow.” She said excitedly as they were on their way for an unpredictable adventure.

Wipe Out 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 126: Panhandlers




“Come on, faster! There are only seven monsters left. I didn’t think we would be able to get at least 20 today.”

“Youngjae, stop complaining.”

After counting and adding up the possible profits of all of the monsters that they’ve caught, the leader looked around at all of them proudly.

“Jeonyeong, help me out here?”

“Sure.” One of the raid team members replied as they went to help the leader.

“How’s our progress so far?”

“Ten percent,” The team member replied.

“There were fewer monsters than I thought, all of the data from last year is completely wrong.”

“Really? Is it that bad?”

“It’s terrible. We couldn’t even catch at least ten monsters last year and it told us that we would be able to at least get 20.” One of them said and a raid member then noticed their leader’s torn power suit.

“I’ll prepare ten power packs to help.”

“Thanks.” He went to get the power packs as the leader waited.

“We need to succeed in this raid…”

He didn’t wish that a crowd of monsters would suddenly pop up, but they were still having a pretty hard time.

“It looks like just one was able to get the most of them.” The team member said as he came back.

“Huh?”

“Over there.” He pointed his finger towards the nearby forest that had a lot of noticeable footprints.

“Whoever they are, they seem to really know what they’re doing. They already caught 20 monsters so far…”

“Wow. But, is it that really necessary?” The leader said.

Capturing all those monsters in such a short amount of time didn’t sound safe. They needed to catch monsters but they didn’t want to risk the lives of their hunters to such an extent.

“It’s unbelievable isn’t it.”

Their safety was more important to him rather than the money they could get. Nevertheless, he just erased all of his thoughts about anything going wrong and just focused on their schedule. If they continued on as they were, he knew that they would eventually tire themselves out.

Deukdeukdeuk

The sound of Jaehwangs arrowed could be heard from even miles away.

Pang pang pang…

They could hear the explosions and feel the ground vibrate as he launched his attacks, they could also see the smoke going up into the sky from deep within the forest.

Boom…

They immediately heard the sound of a few giant monsters falling down into the ground.

Swoosh… Pong!

He shot more arrows at the monsters.

Deukdeukdeuk

As dozens of monsters started to gather, the other raid team members began to run towards them and help.

“Get ready!”

“…”

“Hurry!”

“Yes, sir!” Jaehwang replied with a bit of an annoyed tone. Seongbin was still with him and they were standing on top of a not so high cliff.

‘This is going to be hard.’

Things only got more tiring as time went on. Seongbin was exhausted but they still worked through it as they were still doing very good. However, things started to get a little more difficult the moment they ran out of energy.

“I need a hand!”

“Got it!” Seongbin joined in and helped him by throwing some spears at the monsters while Jaehwang continued to shoot them down.

Swooshhh

Pong!!

Soon, they were finally able to neutralize the dozens of monsters on their radar. They were running towards them but they got shot down even before they got close.

Swoosh!

Pong! pong! Pong!

Arrows had rained down the cliff as if it was rain.

“Wow…” Seongbin said as she watched him. They were doing a great job as a team.

Whoosh…

“Check the meter”

“We’re up to 440.”

“Alright, let’s take a 30-minute break.”

“Okay.”

Seongbin said in reply to Jaehwang as she sat down onto the ground. Jaehwang needed a rest for a few minutes to give his energy some time to refill. He glanced over towards Seongbin who looked very frightened.

‘How many monsters have we found so far…’

There were so many that he stopped counting a while ago. He looked down at the edge of the cliff as a few drones flew over to keep track of them and the others. He couldn’t see its bottom, it turned out to be higher than he thought.

There was no way that they could stay there for so long because of all the chaos that they’ve caused. They’ve already caught way more than the amount that they were assigned to. They’ve caught about 500 monsters so far but even so, Jaehwang still wanted more to boost their profits.

‘Couldn’t all this be enough?…’ Jaehwang thought to himself exhaustedly. He was trying to get as much possible to help Seongbin with her expenses back home.

“We’ll need to hunt like this for two more days… I don’t think I can do it. Sorry, Jaehwang,” Seongbin apologized. They were completely worn out and they couldn’t go on for much longer.

‘We can’t give up.’ While they were hunting, his experience has seemed to be increasing slowly.

Seongbin sat still with her eyes closed as she was lost in thought and Jaehwang then asked the spirit,

—Do you think that the other hunters are coming?

—Should we guard the area?

—No one seems to be coming yet.

—How far away do they seem to be?

—About four kilometers southeast… It seems that they’ll be here soon.

—Alright.

Jaehwang replied. They still had some time left to do more hunting but they didn’t want to run into the other hunters. He thought of shooting arrows more carefully and quietly but that could greatly impact the effectiveness of their attacks.

“How many have we caught?” Seongbin asked.

“I think we have enough, we can stop here,” Jaehwang replied, figuring out that they could just make do with what they have now.

Jaehwang stood up from the ground where he was resting and Seongbin then looked at him with a nervous expression.

“I’m sorry. I just…”

“Huh?” Jaehwang seemed confused when Soeongbin apologized out of nowhere.

“Why are you sorry?”

“Uh, well… I know you wanted to hunt more…”

“Don’t worry, we can start again another time,” Jaehwang replied and Seongbin then took a deep breath of relief.

Panhandlers, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 127: Panhandlers 2




Seongbin stood still and stared at Jaehwang for a moment. Although she was relieved, she couldn’t believe that he would agree to her idea so easily even if it was obvious that even he was completely worn out.

“Thanks.” She hesitated a little but she soon expressed her gratitude, however, that wasn’t all.

“Also, I know we’re tired and all but I don’t think we can just stop here. I want to contribute as much as I can to this raid,” Seongbin declared. Jaehwang looked a little confused for a moment and it seems like he just shrugged Seongbin’s idea off.

“What did you say about what we’ve gathered so far?” Jaehwang asked in a low voice. Seongbin thought for a quick second and replied,

“About twenty percent of our goal, but I think we can get at least ten percent more.”

For their safety, Jaehwang wasn’t sure if it was much of a good idea or not.

—I don’t know about this.

—It does sound quite promising.

It was a sudden suggestion but she seemed to be sure about it. Jaehwang thought that she did it for the sake of her pride and she didn’t want him to pity her. He then remembered the past where he felt the same thing and he didn’t want her to feel the same way.

He noticed that she had the same cold gaze that he had developed to protect his own pride in the past.

—Isn’t it a good idea?

The spirit asked.

—She has great skills...

They purposely pushed their limits. A raid won’t usually demand this kind of effort but he ignored those boundaries as he moved on. He knew that time would pass and it would end better than what anyone had expected.

He came to a conclusion and he chose to trust her as well as her abilities because even though her leg wasn’t in good condition, she still supported their team beyond his expectations.

The skill status window then showed up, revealing his skills’ current condition.

Skill Status: Jeon Jaehwang

Effects:

Archery skill: All areas increased by two percent

—

—

??

(Energy shortage)

Current energy: 500 — 498

The spirit had already helped him a lot of times before but he and his skills were not as effective as they should. Time passed by and Jaehwang started to get worried as soon as a few people began to follow his lead.

(If he can’t improve his energy, he won’t be able to level up.)

—Looks like I have no other choice.

—I’m not sure what else to do either.

Jaehwang thought about it for a moment.

—Hey

—What is it?

—You’ve already caught way more than ten, why do you need to catch more?

They’ve been hunting monsters non-stop ever since this early morning.

—Well... I-I’m not sure...

—Have you eaten already?

The only thing on their minds ever since they woke up was them hunting as much as they possibly could.

—Maybe later, right now we need to focus.

Jaehwang replied.

“I think we can do much more. What do you think?”

“S-Sure, let’s do it!” Seongbin hesitated for a second but she soon replied with an excited tone.

Jaehwang then smiled.”Great, let’s get going.”

Jaehwang handed Seongbin the directions and they made their way down the cliff, passing through the field of dead monsters on the ground.

As they kept walking, they began to see more people who were out for the hunt. It was a group that consists of two people, a girl, and a guy. However, the moment they saw Jaehwang they didn’t look so happy.

“That guy...” Jaehwang whispered while being very careful not to let them see that he’s talking about them. “Aren’t they the group that I was first assigned to?”

He carefully looked at them again. They had a bit of a misunderstanding when he decided to switch groups. Clearly, they were still mad about it.

“How... why them out of all people!”

“Wait a second...” The other teams were talking about their plan but then they soon noticed Jaehwang who was nearby.

“What is it?” One of the people on the other team said as he noticed his teammate looking at them with a cold gaze. The teammate then glanced over and saw who he was looking at.

“What are they doing here?” Jaehwang said, looking in their direction.

“What the heck...”

The others couldn’t believe it when they noticed how many monsters they’ve already caught. It wasn’t even that long but they’ve already got almost half of what the all the other teams needed to catch.

There had been lots of disputes with the hunters and by standard judgments, no clan had the exact same strategy or ever seemed to copy anyone else’s.

They obviously didn’t seem too happy to see him, however, when they noticed how many monsters they had caught...

They couldn’t believe it.

“Clearly they’ve only caught so many because they started out hunting early this morning before anyone else. And don’t you think you should apologize?”

“Are you going to leave in the middle of the raid too like how you suddenly left our team?” The guy from the other team mockingly asked.

“I’ve already apologized. There’s nothing more I need to say to you.” Jaehwang calmly replied. “Is this a some kind of joke?”

The two people from the team then seemed to change their expression, they were afraid.

“W-Well..” Their stuttering showed off how scared they were.

He took out his bow with a straight face, making the other two as scared as they’ve ever been. They didn’t know what he was thinking of, he just raised his weapon but there were no monsters to shoot at. Although Jaehwang knew that he can’t hurt them, they were still scared of what might happen.

“W-We weren’t being serious.” One of the guys said as they tried to avoid causing any more trouble. Obviously, Jaehwang could tell what they really meant.

Jaehwang actually felt a little out of place throughout the entire raid. He didn’t want to start any fights or arguments with anyone he just wanted to get this raid done.

‘Ugh!’ Two guys who didn’t know better entered the scene. They were late when things had happened so they were offended by his actions, even one of them charged towards him.

“You think this is a joke!?” The guy shouted as he prepared for a punch.

‘You better hope that you’re strong enough!’

They were high ranked monsters hunters but was that enough of a reason to go against Jaehwang? They didn’t even know exactly who it was and obviously, they were making a big mistake.

Pong! Woosh! Pong!

The guy ran faster and faster but as soon as he approached Jaehwang, he found himself crashing back into the ground.

“Arrrgh!” The guy screamed as he couldn’t believe what had just happened. He felt a pain that he had never felt before.

“You Idiot.” Jaehwang kicked him in the head to make him faint. He didn’t want to be so harsh but since they were in a place where monsters could show up at any moment, his screaming wasn’t helping any of them at all. The remaining person of the two stood in place, frozen with a shocked look on his face.

“Do you wanna try fighting me too?” Jaehwang looked over and asked him.

“N-No please, I beg you.” The guy pleaded.

“Alright then, I guess I’m done here,” Jaehwang said.

“Thank you so much,” The guy replied thankfully.

Panhandlers 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 128: Panhandlers 3




It was early evening, Jaehwang took a shower and went for a talk with the raid leader.

“Great work out there,” the leader said to him politely.

“It wasn’t just me, I couldn’t have done it without Seongbin. Is she done with the raids?”

“Yes, it was originally supposed to go on for two more days but their leader gave them the thumbs up. They could now return to their base.”

“Thank you.”

“Don’t mention it. Because of their leader, they were able to recover from their injuries and they made it back safely. You should thank him.”

Jaehwang didn’t know the hunter leader so well but he remembered that he showed him a great raid spot a while ago.

In a city in the Alousu, the monster’s habitat has been moved, it caused them to struggle and those beasts that left their homes had run into the Dakosu monsters. One would expect them to have some sort of trouble but little by little, they got along until they were able to find a new area for themselves.

“It was a good thing that they helped.”

“True, I don’t know what would have happened without them,” the leader replied and Jaehwang nodded his head in agreement.

“By the way, there’s something I need to ask you...”

“Sure, what is it?...”

“Have you heard of someone that had gotten a head injury or something today?”

The leader’s face glowed after he heard his question. He didn’t notice any accidents happening to anyone.

The higher-ups had personal connections with the Korean army and their standard circumstances seemed pretty high. They were considered as champions in the past and they were still well-known up to this day.

However, that team ran into a high ranked monster and they stood no chance against it.

Their connections proved them to be very effective in terms of their careers all the more while they do their jobs protecting their base. It meant that having bigger connections would mean bigger opportunities, what he thought was right.

“Well...”

“Yes, you’re right.” He could already tell what he was thinking.

“I’m not asking for much, but... The truck carrying those high-leveled monsters caught on the raid... it needs a tighter security.” Jaehwang said and the leader shook his head as he thought about it.

There’s a slight problem with what he had in mind but after thinking about it for a second, he asked, “Do you think you’ll hit the jackpot if everything goes well?”

“Yes and that would be great,” Jaehwang answered and the leader replied with a smile.

“Alright. We’ll issue some personnel to secure those big monsters. If everything does go smoothly, it’ll do wonders for the military budget.”

“Great.”

It was a win-win agreement.

***

Ten days had passed since that meeting took place. All of the hunters were at lunch in the cafeteria and Jaehwang was sitting at a table with Seongbin. Over the past ten days, Seongbin seemed to have changed a lot. Her usual slightly tilted shoulder was straightened and her leg brace looked decent and new.

“Have some of this.”

“Thanks.” Something about her had definitely changed. Her face for the past ten days seemed a lot happier.

“Are things going great on your end?”

“Yes, I found a great house in the countryside for my mother. She was able to leave the hospital and she lives there now.”

“Your mother’s living alone, doesn’t she get lonely?”

“Haha, of course not. She told me about that place and besides, she likes spending time by herself.”

In just ten days Seongbin was able to rest, help her mother and do all the other things that she needed to finally become stress-free.

On the first day, Seongbin was able to pay off a stressful private loan, it was the type of loan where she would get phone calls every day as a reminder about the loan that she couldn’t pay. She got her way out of it with a single payment and she had a chunk of funds left to take care of the things that she wanted.

For the second day, she was able to move her mother who was in the hospital to a much better facility and was emitted a few days later thanks to her having a better treatment.

The third day was a fulfilling day and so was the fourth. Joining the raid with Jaehwang as her teammate was very challenging but it really paid off in the end. She also went up by three levels over the past ten days, it was the shortest amount of time where she had gained so much progress at once.

Obviously, they earned a lot from the raid and although it was really dangerous and exhausting, they didn’t regret a thing. They were able to sit back and just relax for the time being.

Seongbin thought of Jaehwang as her savior for helping her make those past ten days possible. Jaehwang’s advice and knowledge worked perfectly and she couldn’t have done it without him and his amazing skills. She thought that maybe he wasn’t such a bad person after all.

He would send her a signal whenever a monster would come inside their range and he wouldn’t just shoot them randomly, that was too risky so he shot them down one at a time. There were also some cases where a few would get too close and he had to take them all, it looked like he made his arrows rain and none escaped it.

The sixth day was their last and it was their greatest. A seventh tier monster appeared and she thought that it would sweep everyone and everything. That was the first time she doubted their plan.

However, they placed their heads together and they were able to come up with a great idea. They got the rest of the squad together and although they weren’t able to destroy and capture the monster, they were at least able to chase it away.

The next day, Jaehwang received a request and had a meeting with some guy. He was presented with a special set of brand new high end arrows to thank him for his efforts.

But, that person was a monster as well. How? Because that guy went and loaded the fifth tier monster onto the truck. What was even more surprising was the talk that both of them had.

“Why did you come here?”

“I’m here as a backup for the raid.”

“We don’t need any backup so you can go. You and I don’t ever have to see each other.”

“Hey, I’m just a friend trying to help...”

“Well, then I don’t have to share any profits with you, deal?”

“Are you serious?”

“If you don’t think that’s a good idea then you can just go...”

“I have to take the bus back too ya know.”

Both of them were capable of handling such a strong monster. Dongchul and Jaehwang had to take the military bus back to the base so it didn’t really matter who left first because they would just have to see each other again very soon. Jaehwang was ignoring his friend Dongchul, it was hard to avoid him but he didn’t really want to start a fight between the two of them.

Soon, the raid was finally finished. Other people had showed up to help them load the dead monsters onto a truck to be taken away so the area could get cleaned up.

Dongchul and Jaehwang then went onto the military bus to exit the scene.

Tak...

Jaehwang finished eating and placed his empty glass on the table.

“What’s this?” Seongbin asked as she handed Jaehwang a card to with his name written on it. Jaehwang took the card and looked at it in surprise.

[Mr. Choi Jin-Ha]

“I can’t believe I still have this around.”

“Huh?” Seongbin said, still being confused.

“I forgot all about this. Someone from the head office in Seoul gave this to me. The tasks to get it was unbelievably difficult but I pushed through it all...” She then handed the card back to Jaehwang.

“Why are you giving this to me?...”

“Don’t you hate the team?” Seongbin thought for moment before she took the card.

“T-Thanks.” Seongbin said. Jaehwang’s head was facing down on the table when he noticed a tear falling down to the table.

He could understand her struggle and sympathise with her a lot. All he wanted to do was to make things easier for her so he did the best he could to do that.

—Look what you did.

—What are you talking about? I did my best to try and help...

Jaehwang said in reply to the spirit. He never had it in him to comfort others so he kind of just sat there awkwardly.

“Thank you so much Jaehwang... this really means a lot to me.” Seongbin said as she cried.

Jaehwang then looked at her and said, “Don’t worry. I just want to give you a chance to get up on your own. You can be just as good as I am, I know you can so don’t cry and get some rest. We have a lot to do tomorrow.”

“Okay,” Seongbin said before she left the cafeteria to take a rest.

Jaehwang then got up to leave as well but he suddenly stopped and asked the spirit a question.

—Spirit

—What is it?

—I’m not strange, am I?

—Are you stupid? You’re always strange.

The spirit unhelpfully replied.

—Whatever.

Jaehwang said as he moved on and the skill status window then suddenly opened.

—Archery skills (Unique skill)

Possessor of the skill: Jeon Jaehwang

Effects:

Archery strength increased by 10 percent

Others:

Level one: 1000 — In effect

Level two: 10000 — In effect

Level three: 100,000 — aesthetic

(Next level cannot be shown due to the lack of energy.)

Energy: 500 – 426

“Wow.”

His skill had improved a lot since the last update. He was now ready to continue his training to make himself better.

Jaehwang was ready to continue to work hard to make even more improvements.

Panhandlers 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 129: Back to Justin Point…





Chapter 129: Back to Justin Point...




He had an easier time leveling up when his level was low compared to now, where he had to put in so much hard work and dedication just to improve. He went up three levels recently and he still didn’t know when he’s going to hit the fourth or the fifth level. Nevertheless, he chose to keep trying until he got there.

—Wow... I’m nervous.

—What is it?”

The spirit asked.

—Well, I would like to become stronger but how am I going to be able to improve even more of what’s needed?

Jaehwang answered. How could he become stronger without knowing exactly what he needed to do? A hunter’s life could be amazing but it was also very difficult.

—A human’s most reliable foundation of energy is their consciousness. They either succeed or fail because of how they manage their fears.

—Succeed? Fear?

He asked.

—Yes. Fear is the overflowing energy that had been kept inside of us for a very long time. Everyone faces the same difficulties in this field but what sets others apart from the others is how they use that energy. There’s no need for you to worry, you’ll get stronger and all you have to do is wait for it to find you.

—So I just have to wait a little longer until it comes to me?

Jaehwang asked the spirit.

—Right. However, even I don’t really know the details about it.

She replied and Jaehwang looked quite disappointed.

—Of course, it will get a little dangerous but that’s good. So if what you said is right then would I be one of the people who makes it through?

Jaehwang asked as he was trying to get a better understanding of the whole thing that she just mentioned.

—It’s a hard concept to explain, but trust me, you’ll get to understand it in no time once you got it.

—Alright...

Jaehwang replied with an obvious hint of disappointment. It surely wasn’t an easy concept to understand.

***

“Changmyeon! Come here and eat!”

“I’m not eating!”

“Stop being so stubborn and just come here and eat!”

“Fine!” the mother’s son replied, shouting back at his mother after taking out his earphones.

Changmyeon was listening to a piece of ear-shattering metal music before he had to turn it off.

“I guess I’ll check and see what’s new today.” Changmyeon went to the computer at his desk and went online. He soon saw a lot of newly uploaded videos and photos.

“This one... this one...” He spent some time just clicking around and he then took a deep breath as he leaned back in his chair. “Ah, there’s not much of anything that’s new.”

Changmyeon had always been fascinated by hunters and he spends most of his time watching their raid videos. For years, he had always wanted to be like those hunters that he saw in those videos.

Time would always wilt away whenever he watched those videos. He had worked so hard just to watch them since those kinds of media were restricted on the internet. He was able to work around it but just when he thought that he got past it, it got restricted once again.

“Ugh... I can stand this.” Changmyeon went to a hunter website and clicked a gold button on the right side of the screen.

[Click! Video Number 653.]

After clicking the button, the screen buffered for a few seconds before the next page showed up.

“Great.” He said with a smile as he typed something on the keyboard. “Time to begin.”

Although he had watched the same video a lot of times, he was still amazed as if he watched it for the first time. The video he clicked on had no narration unlike the other videos he had watched.

Did an amateur film it? No way. That video just didn’t need any.

“The filming has begun.” An old man said at the start of the video.

The video was filmed in the Alousu and there was a guy standing alone next to a metal railing, his back was turned away from the camera. He was wearing a long cape that flew with the wind and there was a swarm of Oaks before him, thousands of them. Changmyeon was shaking in fear by just watching this scene.

Teuk teuk teuk!!!!

The mysterious guy began to shoot his arrows and as he watched the video, he thought that maybe he could recognize who this person was.

‘Sho Ha?’

Thousands of them had come but they were all getting shot down. Was it a hunter that he had never seen before in a video? He strongly doubted that it could be a fake one. His hands were sweating at the sight of that video playing for just five minutes, he figured that the guy was unbelievably good at archery.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!!

Even the arrows that he was using were unrecognizable. There was a red light surrounding them as they flew through the air at the speed of light. The Oaks didn’t stand a chance against them.

“Wow...” Thirty minutes later, the video was finished and Changmyeon then wiped away the sweat from his hands. “I can’t just easily turn to another video after seeing that.”

He was always amazed by all the videos he had watched but that one left a really big impression on him. It wasn’t like anything he had seen before. So much was going on in that video and it was all from just one hunter.

Changmyeon then scrolled down to the comment section of the video...

The video had about 400 views and it had already accumulated a lot of comments. He then took his time to read the most popular ones in it.

—Is he using a nuclear weapon for hunters or something? Wow haha. Is this even real?

It was for sure an amazing watch!

—There’s so many people that still haven’t seen this video. This hunter is so talented at using his arrows, it’s unbelievable.

—What an amazing hunter!

—Who could this hunter be?

There seemed to have been a lot of fans in the comment section.

“I’m going to watch this video again,” Changmyeon said before he clicked replay button.

***

Jaehwang sat down with a runny nose and with a bead of sweat dripping from his forehead. Sitting before him was a guy who had his arms tied.

“Well...”

“You’re always getting in trouble about this. No matter how many days of practice go by, is training to shoot arrows less dangerously in smaller areas that hard?”

There was a big and a heavy bow sitting at the floor beside him.

Deuk! Tong!

He could shoot targets that were 200 meters away from his bow. Unfortunately, the impact was always a little too much for the practice room.

“I guess it really depends on the material of the bow. Why don’t you practice shielding?”

“Yes, sir. I know you’re not into this like I am but do you really have to do archery at all times?”

One of his new arrows was shot into a cover suit and that destroyed it with a huge explosion.

Pong! Pong! Pong! Pong!

He then looked at him with a nervous expression.

“Isn’t it amazing? All this trouble you’ve caused and I’m still not dead yet,” Dongchul said with a mocking tone.

“Shooting like this is fine in a fight but it just won’t do for indoors during practice. Got it? I hope this is the last time that I have to tell you this.”

Dongchul said as he kicked the cover suit further away from him. He was being harsh but it wasn’t for no reason.

“Gosh...”

Jaehwang took a deep breath and stood up from the chair. He got on the treadmill in the room to help himself calm down. First, he started off running slowly and shortly, he began to speed up little by little and soon, he was running for about 40 kilometers.

“Take it easy over there...” Dongchul said as Jaehwang made so much noise with the treadmill.

“Why can’t you just chill a bit during training to avoid damaging our stuff?” Dongchul asked. Jaehwang then looked towards him and replied,

“Why would I do that on purpose?” He answered before he got himself back on the treadmill.

“You’re crazy... What kind of strength are you looking for...” Dongchul mumbled.

A few minutes have passed and it was now time for Dongchul to leave. He looked over at Jaehwang who was still exercising on the treadmill like crazy.

“I’m heading out.”

“See you later,” Jaehwang replied without even turning his head. He then pressed the button on the machine to turn up the speed.

Whoosh...

The machine was going so fast that smoke started to come from out of it, leading Jaehwang to press the stop button along with an anxious thought.

Back to Justin Point... The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 130: Another Death




‘This is hard.’

This was not an easy task, he was a hunter with superhuman healing skills but he was still having a hard time. His strength was good and still increasing, however, he still wanted to get stronger so he didn’t slack off on his training.

Ever since he came back from that raid, all he did was train. He felt like he could have done a lot better on it and that made him more and more anxious.

‘I can’t stop here.’

A strong sense of pride had grown in him despite him knowing that he was very powerful and capable of much more than he thought.

Other hunters would be fine with their skills and go on raids without worrying but Jaehwang had a bigger goal. He wanted to be able to confidently take down a monster no matter how high the level of it was.

‘Those Oaks in Justin Point were able to catch my arrows with their hands’ He wanted to improve so he could be strong enough to avoid something like that and after taking a shower, he wore his training clothes and went back to pick up where he left off.

“Jaehwang”

There was a girl waiting in front of the training center.

“What are you doing today?” he replied.

The person standing in front of the training center was Rumi. She used to be his escort but she returned back to her original position. “I’m here by the request of Chonggwan.”

“Chonggwan?” Jaehwang asked as a reply. He remembered hearing that name when it was mentioned before by Mr. Hwang.

“He said that he needs to talk to you.”

“Okay,” Jaehwang replied. He followed Rumi and they soon walked into a building to get to Chonggwan’s office.

“Welcome, Jaehwang.” Chonggwan seemed happy as Jaehwang walked into the office.

There were a lot of ceramics in his office and he had a flower pot on his table. In the center of the room lies a large center table that had a set of chairs on each side. Chonggwan then stood from his seat to shake his hand before he sat back down.

“Come on, take a seat.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Have some water,” Chonggwan said as he reached out to him.

“You did a great job in the Alousu. I’m impressed. Would you like some tea leaves?”

“Sure,” Jaehwang replied and took a sip from his drink. He was surprised by the taste as it was something that he’d never tasted before. Those tea leaves felt like a breath of fresh air at the moment he drank it. “Wow, it’s great.”

He wasn’t the type who would usually have tea but he could get addicted to that one.

“We found the tea’s natural flavor but it’s still lacking. We don’t know it would need something special to complete it. That’s why I called you here,” Chonggwan said and handed him a compilation of files.

Jaehwang opened the document, he slowly read through them all before he placed them back onto the table. “You’re connected to so many companies as well as with the Americans, why did you call me?”

The files came from the National Hunter Association in America. The contents were very simple and he could easily find a fully equipped person for the job but, he decided to call Jaehwang instead. Of course, his name wasn’t written on the documents but it felt like its content was made for him.

“You were most likely recommended by the officials because of all the good work you’ve done in the past,” Chonggwan said.

“I guess so,” Jaehwang replied.

All the fights and raids that he’s done in the past had gotten a lot of attention from everyone. However, he wished that he wasn’t involved in this. The task involved fighting the Oaks and they were known for their cruelty, especially when they were all rallied together.

“But why do I have to do it?” He asked and Chonggwan replied,

“If you do this then you’ll get so much more positive media influence.”

“I see,” Jaehwanged answered.

He already showed off his talents so many times that he was starting to feel a bit pressured to be so amazing all the time. He felt like everyone’s eyes were onto him.

“With that being said, I think it would be great to at least think about the official’s request.”

“Huh?” Jaehwang didn’t completely understand what he had said.

“We have our connections to the American corporations so you can find out the reason behind this. It’ll be fun. The head official also had a daughter there in America and she could help. We can safely send you over to her in her hometown.”

“What is the reason for this?” Jaehwang asked again.

“Because at the beginning of time, everyone was overtaken by greed and we can’t let that happen anymore. With that being said, there is one problem...”

“A problem?”

“She could fall in love with you.”

“What?” Jaehwang asked with a confused tone.

“Just as I said. Our goal is to get her to join you on a mission in the Alousu.”

“I don’t want to.” Jaehwang shook his head. He didn’t want to go back to the Alousu because he knew that he would somehow run into Songjae once again.

Besides, he had to find the traces of his family. He didn’t know if they were any survivors but it was confirmed and he thought that that person inherited their family’s strength. Even so, it felt like he was being dragged back into the Alousu again and again, he didn’t want that.

After Jaehwang’s refusal, Chonggwan’s facial expression became more serious.

“It isn’t that simple. They have been waiting a long time for this chance. They have no base compared to us Koreans, they need our help. We have to find her and they don’t have the capability to prepare for us.” He took a sip of his water before he followed, “They are counting on you, Jaehwang. If you can keep her safe then we will be on the very good side of the American corporations.”

“I’m not interested in any of this.” Jaehwang refused his request again.

“Even Gwanjae’s people can help.”

“My answer stays the same.”

“It will be an easy mission with Gwanjae’s soldiers.” He tried his best to convince Jaehwang to accept the mission but nothing was making him change his mind.

“Even if Gwanjae personally asked me, my answer would stay the same.”

“I’m not finished talking yet!” Chonggwan shouted in anger.

“Until now, I have received much more from them than I thought I could ever give.”

“And?”

“Well, I want to do something about it...”

“They’re my enemy,” Jaehwang said, Chonggwan looked surprised but a hint of anger still remained on his face. He then replied, coldly asking,

“What is that supposed to mean?”

“Exactly what I said.”

For a moment, the sound of the clock on the wall filled the room. Chonggwan then eventually spoke.

“Is this because of the Daehyeon’s clan involvement?”

“That is one of the reasons. Yes.” Jaehwang already got his revenge on Songjae thanks to Gwanjae’s plan so he didn’t want to dwell on that anymore. Although he didn’t want to go back on his word, he also didn’t want to let anyone down.

“I have one question,” Chonggwan asked.

“What is it?”

“Did you get revenge on the head of the Daehyeong group?”

“Not as of now.” His answer wasn’t exactly right but it wasn’t wrong either. Just as he planned, the only person that he got revenge on was Songjae.

“So who was it then?” Chonggwan asked curiously.

“The only person I wanted to get revenge on was Songjae. So that was all I did.” Jaehwang answered. Chonggwan then took a deep breath.

“Of course, you have plans of your own.” He said, still holding back his temper.

“Did you finish the test?” Jaehwang asked, Chonggwan then smiled and replied.

“Yes, it’s finished.

Another Death, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 131: Another Death 2




“Now, I want to hear your reason for this,” Mr. Hwang said as he walked into the office. He poured Jaehwang another cup of tea and handed it to him.

He only had a single reason to mention that test. He wanted to change the subject when Chonggwan started to get angry. Mr. Hwang joined in on the conversation as well since he became interested in what was going on.

Jaehwang knew a way to get around telling the actual truth. “Sorry. Gwanjae and I actually had a bet.”

“A bet?”

“Yes. I followed behind a few people and Gwanjae did the same on another side.”

“Was there a gap?”

“Yes, and it’s a big one.”

Gulp...

Mr. Hwang took another sip from his tea as Chonggwan followed, “I think you could have become one of his three inheritors if you won but of course, I guess Gwanjae was right.”

Mr. Hwang just gave them a calm smile.

“I’m still unsatisfied with its outcome.”

“Really?” He asked in reply to Jaehwang.

“It has no meaning to me,” Jaehwang said. He didn’t think of it as something amazing.

Mr. Hwang then looked very surprised. “Great, that’s the thing that satisfies me the most.”

“I’m flattered.”

“However, aren’t you curious about Gwanjae at all?” Mr. Hwang asked but Jaehwang’s answered remained the same.

“That’s something that I just don’t want to think about.”

“I see...” He replied. What could that mean...

Jaehwang was just like Gwanjae in a way on how he maintained the exclusive system. He was able to get on the good side of the top corporations and even earn his spot in the National Hunters Association.

But, he turned away from it.

Jaehwang could understand why. He had already experienced something like that himself and he still was experiencing it.

“I guess I can see why Gwanjae admires you.” Mr. Hwang said before taking another sip of his tea.

“Well, looks like we’ll have to forget about that for now since we have another plan for you.”

“Huh? What plan?” Jaehwang asked and Mr. Hwang bitterly said.

“Let’s go, we’ll talk once we get there.”

***

Bing bing bing

Mr. Hwang went to the place where Jaehwang’s first heirloom was located. The place was very big and it contained a lot of stuff inside it. There was an elevator that led to a place with a special treatment center in the basement of that building.

On the third floor, there were metal bars blocking off the first treatment room but there was a person inside lying on the bed. That person was attached to a medical device, his height seems lacking and one won’t be able to see anything below his knees.

Jaehwang tried to see what exactly was going on. All of their equipment should be able to heal him completely but he soon realized that things weren’t that simple. He then went inside the room and got closer.

It looked like someone familiar to him but his face was distorted, he couldn’t tell who he was. That was what he initially thought but at the moment he got a better look, he recognized him.

“How did this happen?”

It was Songjae. Why was the Daehyeon clan’s master lying there?

“It’s a long story, I’ll start from the beginning,” Mr. Hwang said as soon as he saw him. Jaehwang still looked at him with a cold expression as his forgiveness was still yet to be given.

“The other day, the Daehyeon group’s president had a private consultation with Gwanjae.”

“A private consultation?” Jaehwang asked.

“Yes. Our president requested a private consultation with Gwanjae. We heard about it and I requested the president to solicit for an arbitration. However, an accident happened.”

“What kind of accident?’

“Songjae came up with quite an impudent scheme.” Mr. Hwang looked at Songjae in pity.

“Maybe if we can take Gwanjae down then we can get him out of the way. Wouldn’t that be a great idea?” Mr. Hwang suggestion wasn’t too good but Songjae wanted to do something. There was a special poison that they could only find in the Alousu along with a few variates of explosives and Songjae had a very detailed plan on how to get it.

Songjae was Gwanjae’s assigned escort for the secret assassination that took place a few weeks ago. There was a total of 50 hunters on that mission.

Jaehwang would have died if he went through that plan. Although his plan was very effective, it had some weak points and that was the reason for its failure.

“Gwanjae got mad about it.”

It was hard to tell exactly what was going on with Gwanjae.

“The media doesn’t know but the hunters that rallied up on the Daehyeon clan’s side died on the scene. Well, there is one left,” Mr. Hwang said, gesturing his chin towards Songjae.

“It is dangerous, even for you. He just managed to survive because of his friend.”

Jaehwang then looked over towards Mr. Hwang and said, “I guess he made a bad decision.”

If they thought that Gwanjae was just a simple and powerful hunter, then they made a terrible miscalculation. Why do these people think that they could possibly fool Gwanjae?

If they were to calculate every little thing, then maybe things could have turned out for the better... Gwanjae has been around for years and he knew everything.

Hunters would sometime think that their progress would stop every time they look at their status window. Of course, that was the not case but that affected a lot of them.

They had around 600 level seven hunters before but that number had dwindled down so low. Why you ask? It’s because of the sudden increase in hunter death rates.

So with that, was Gwanjae’s fighting skills just as good as those powerful hunters were? That was a very funny comparison. It was like saying that all cars with four wheels were exactly the same.

But, there was something scarier than that, Jaehwang couldn’t tell them that Gwanjae was a level 7 hunter.

‘Wasn’t he level 8?’ He thought that he was one of the only two level eight hunters to exist back in the day...

However, Gwanjae was really a level 8 hunter. It’s just not official and Gwanjae was very modest about it.

“Since yesterday, The Daehyeon group’s president has given up on everything related to their clan and after they’re done with Songjae, they’ll come for me.”

“Wow,” Jaehwang said with an angry tone after he heard his explanation. He could now understand why he had to take that ridiculous test. Jaehwang once wanted to destroy the Daehyeon clan himself but he felt about their current state.

He couldn’t be sure about the reason why they’re doing those things.

“Gwanjae told us that it’s up to you. You would get to choose if he lives or dies.”

Mr. Hwang immediately turned his head after he heard that sentence. He heard the sound of an ECG and decided the leave Jaehwang and Songjae there to maybe work things out. After that, Jaehwang walked closer towards the hospital bed that Songjae was lying on.

—...He’s a monster for sure...

—Yeah...

The spirit said in reply to Jaehwang.

Songjae was in an appalling state. He could see that he had lost both of his legs and as he got closer, he could see how badly injured his face actually was. Jaehwang actually couldn’t understand how he survived.

Jaehwang reached his hand towards the side of his head but he dropped it. He knew that he wouldn’t even fully recover if he tried to heal him. Saving him, on the other hand, wasn’t exactly his goal but he wanted to talk to him.

He wanted to tell him about the incident that caused the death of his parents as well as his greatest pain. The only thing that stopped them was the presence of Mr. Hwang who was still nearby. He told him that he wanted revenge and that’s why he pulled his hand.

There was a chance that a war would start with the Daehyeon clan but nevertheless, he wasn’t scared about it. Even if there’s a high chance of them dying, they would deal with it because they brought it upon themselves.

“Huh...” Jaehwang’s parents always told him to be happy. They told him to live his life peacefully and his parents wouldn’t want him to focus on things like revenge. He then took a deep breath and reached out his hand once again. “I will end his suffering.”

Wooshhh...

A ball of light appeared and surrounded Songjae. Jaehwang then placed his hand on Songjae’s head to heal him.

Songjae who was unconscious suddenly opened his eyes and looked towards Jaehwang who was standing next to him.

“Y-You... I’m sorry about what happened to Sooji, I beg you for forgiveness and...”

“...”

“I-I..” He was barely able to speak but soon, the fear in his eyes began to disappear.

Swooshh-

Mr. Hwang couldn’t believe it when he realized what was going on. He thought that Jaehwang wanted to get revenge.

Another Death 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 132: The Successor




Ringg...

“Who could that be at this late hour... Huh? What’s going on?” Dongchul asked, seeing Jaehwang as soon as he opened the door.

The guy walked through the door and said, “I need you to come with me.”

“What’s going on?”

Jaehwang suddenly showed up at Dongchul’s door in the middle of the night and said that he needed to take him somewhere. Dongchul looked at the uniform he was wearing. Nothing about him had changed. He was dressed in his gear full of weapons and it seemed as if he was going on a raid.

“Come in.”

“I can’t, we have to get going right away.”

“Where are we going all of a sudden?”

“It’s kind of hard to explain.”

Dongchul then realized that it was most likely something important so he decided to go.

“How long will this take?”

“It won’t be long if we go now.”

“So, would I be able to come back?”

“I’m not completely sure,” He couldn’t tell him too much beforehand so Dongchul was a little lost.

It was currently 11 PM, he also considered that maybe Jaehwang was acting so weird because he might have been drinking earlier.

“How about we talk about it tomorrow? It’s getting late.”

Jaehwang expected to get an answer liked that. However, Dongchul didn’t want to leave him hanging. Maybe he could have set up this plan in advance, it’s just now couldn’t have been just a spontaneous time.

“So, how do we get there?”

“By airplane,” Jaehwang answered and Dongchul looked quite shocked. If they were taking an airplane, then maybe it couldn’t have been as dangerous as he initially thought.

“Are we going overseas?”

“...”

“Is there anyone else coming with us?” Dongchul continuously asked. His friend clearly had something crazy in mind.

“Where are we going?”

“To Yalu... We might also pass through Baekdusan.”

“What... you must be crazy,” Dongchul said as soon as he heard where they were going.

His friend decided to come over without a warning and asked him to go to the one of the most dangerous raid spots among all the places that they have known. North Korea tried to team up with China to explore this area before but none of their people returned home ever since.

However, Jaehwang wondered if he could find anyone in Baekdusan. The only downside was that that place was a monster’s paradise.

“Why the heck would you want to go there?” Dongchul cried.

“There’s something that I need to find...”

“Gosh,” His friend was going to risk his life and he’s asking him to go along. There were no words to describe how crazy Dongchul thought it was.

“Will you come with me?”

“Fine. I have to tell my girlfriend first.”

He then went to tell his girlfriend that he would be leaving but then, he turned around and asked, “Are you sure you need me to come with you?”

“I wouldn’t bother you unless I really needed to,” Jaehwang replied.

“Fine. Let’s go,” Dongchul agreed.

“Great. Be sure to wear a lot of armor...” Jaehwang warned him before he left. Dongchul then closed the door and opened a can of beer as he sat on the sofa.

Click...

He finished the can instantly and crushed it with his hands.

“I can’t believe this...”

There was no way that Jaehwang would have taken a no for an answer. Dongchul was angry but he also felt ashamed.

He was a strong person and a great hunter so people around him always called him for help. Although he wanted to be proud of that and help his friends when they needed him, he did not want to go to such places.

That’s the reason why he was angry. He then threw the crushed can into a nearby trash bin without even getting up.

“He will never be a burden to me. No one will,” Dongchul promised to himself. Jaehwang was his friend but he didn’t want to risk anything because of him.

He thought of choosing that way in the beginning but he just couldn’t choose it because he was scared. He was scared of what would happen.

‘I have to do this,’ Dongchul said to himself.

***

After a three-week preparation, Dongchul was finally ready to meet with Gwanjae.

It wasn’t an easy decision but he had enough time to think it through. He wanted Gwanjae’s help to get himself stronger and braver so that he won’t be worried.

After talking for a while, Gwanjae looked at Dongchul and asked, “Okay, how strong do you want to become?”

Gwanjae seemed to have agreed to train him but he was still worried about what he would think after he answered his question.

Dongchul hesitated but then, he answered, “I... I wanted to be stronger than Jaehwang.”

“Wow...” Gwanjae was shocked after he heard his answer. His answer piqued his curiosity.

“You wanted to be stronger than Jaehwang?” Gwanjae said with a bit of a laugh.

Dongchul immediately felt angry as soon as he sensed his sarcasm but he chose to ignore it. He had a strong feeling that he could succeed. There was a little doubt left in him but he placed that aside. He was ready to receive the training and work hard to achieve his goal.

“I’m ready.”

“Are you strong enough to do it?” Gwanjae asked. His training was harsh and hard to handle.

“I am determined!”

“Okay. It’s going to take a lot of time and effort. You have to be very dedicated. But if you are willing to do it then I will help. I will train you until you are stronger than Jaehwang.”

“Wow, T-Thank you.” Dongchul was a little surprised that he agreed and believed that it was possible. It was time. He was going to be better than who he envied for so long.

“Shall we begin tomorrow?”

“Yes, thank you so much!” Dongchul replied with a thrilled tone, with his sweat still streaming down on his face.

“Tomorrow would be great! I’ll be sure to be prepared to work hard,” Dongchul said with a voice full of determination. After agreeing to go to that dangerous place with Jaehwang, he thought that those past three weeks would be his last for sure. But now, he was happy that he agreed to it.

“Great.” Dongchul then left Gwanjae’s office. His legs felt so weak due to all the nervousness that moved through him. Although he couldn’t relax, he was excited on about what was to come.

“I can’t believe this... I won’t give up. I can’t give up.” He said, encouraging himself. If he were to give up now, then there was no way he could save anyone in the place where he and Jaehwang would go. He wanted Jaehwang to trust him.

He then went towards the training center to prepare himself.

“What are you doing here?”

“Huh?” He heard a very familiar voice. However, it wasn’t coming from anywhere close by.

He turned his head and saw something, he then recognized who it was.

“Hello?...” It was a face that he saw three weeks ago. It was the one who knocked on his door in the middle of the night, it was Jaehwang.

“W-What are you doing here?!”

“I have returned.”

“You...”

“I went to Baekdusan,” Jaehwang calmly replied. Dongchul couldn’t believe what he heard. He had already gone to Baekdusan without him. But how could that be? He said that it could take a few months or even a year.

“You’re back already?”

“Apparently it didn’t take as long as I thought it would.”

“Oh, wow. it only took you three weeks...” Dongchul said, feeling quite disappointed. However, after a few seconds of silence, Dongchul exploded in anger.

“Are you crazy!!”

The Successor, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 133: The Successor 2




“Are you crazy!” Dongchul shouted in anger. Well, it wasn’t much of a rage, he actually seemed more sad than angry. He couldn’t help but worry every day and all the time he spent worrying for these past three weeks had all gone to waste.

He made that decision because he wanted Jaehwang to trust him.

“Why are you so mad?” Jaehwang asked. He thought that Dongchul wouldn’t care so much since he really didn’t seem to want to go in the first place.

“I-I... Ugh!” Dongchul shouted as he fell to his knees on the blue marble floor.

—Why is he acting like this?

—You must have done something wrong.

The spirit replied. Jaehwang hated to see his friend so stressed out.

“Dongchul.”

“What!”

“Is there a reason that you’re here?” Jaehwang asked. Dongchul then stood back up on his feet and took a deep breath.

He was there to receive Gwanjae’s training but he couldn’t really say that.

“Well.. I...” Dongchul said as he thought about what to say. “Jaehwang.”

“What is it?”

“I-I... Can I get hospitalized for a month?”

“You?” Jaehwang asked with a confused tone. Was he talking about the time he was hospitalized because of him? Jaehwang didn’t know what to say. “Well...”

“Of course,” Dongchul replied. He couldn’t even say anything about the injury he had, that was the reason he spent one month in the hospital. He felt like his life as a hunter would soon be over if he spent his time in a hospital to recover from that injury.

It was because of Gwanjae that he was able to get back his strength as well as his hope as a hunter. It happened before when he was hunting a high-ranked monster, he got terribly hurt and he had to be hospitalized for three days. He really thought back then that he would actually die.

Jaehwang then finally replied, “It is a possibility but... Why are you bringing this up?”

Dongchul then looked at him with a shocked expression. “A possibility?”

“Yeah, a possibility. It was difficult in the past but now it could be possible,” Jaehwang replied but Dongchul didn’t look too happy with his answer. Did he believe that it was easy to recover from something like that? Did he think that he would be able to recover from anything?

“...”

Someone then walked into the training center where both of them were. It was a short guy carrying some armor in his left hand and his presence gave them an uneasy feeling. It was Choi Chin-ha. Dongchul and Jaehwang then walked up towards him.

“Hello,” Jaehwang said, greeting him politely. Dongchul looked down at Mr. Choi, who was sitting on the floor, and said,

“You...” Dongchul said, looking down at him and Mr. Choi looked back at him with a sharp look in his eyes. “It’s you...”

“Ah... you’re the one who wanted to get stronger.” Mr. Choi remembered what Gwanjae told him.

“Yes sir...”

***

“Am I that someone you admire?” Gwanjae said and Mr. Choi nodded his head in agreement. Mr. Choi was sitting in a chair on the other side of his desk at this unplanned meeting.

“So, these people these days have been very impatient.”

“He surely won’t be able to endure even a few days of this training. I know he’s going to give up. It can be hard even if they’re the ones who wanted to do the training in the first place,” Gwanjae said with a serious expression and Mr. Choir began to look a little nervous.

“I see. The why would anyone even want this?”

“Well, training could be enjoyable too but the most important thing is, that man wants to get stronger,” Gwanjae replied.

They then heard a strange noise from out of nowhere in the middle of their conversation.

Mr. Choi turned his head but nothing was there. A cold breeze just blew past them.

“I think that they’re lonely. They don’t seem to be too happy...”

“Yeah...” Mr. Choi’s face then turned red. He didn’t seem to be doing so well, he looked like he needed some medical treatment. Although Mr. Choi wasn’t mad or anything, he didn’t feel too good.

Gwanjae then said, “Are you okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine.” Mr. Choi replied and signed. That was all. Gwanjae stopped talking and the conversation was then over.

The night came and the stars were out in the skies, Gwanjae sat on a chair at a table next to Mr. Choi. “You’re mad, aren’t you? If you made it then we could take care of that. Easy. Got it? You’ll get stronger too.”

Mr. Choi became Gwanjae’s close friend, he’s almost like a brother to him — although he seemed to be in a bit of a bad mood.

“Why are you telling me this?”

“I don’t really know either,” He replied. Gwanjae then got up from his seat and let out a huge burst of his powerful energy. “Some instructors will be here soon to teach our men about mental strength. Let’s talk a little more until then...”

“Alright.”

“Even I’m included...”

“I know.” Mr. Choi began to nervously sweat as he nodded his head. On the inside, he knew that Gwanjae was the main culprit in this situation with Dongchul.

“Would he die...”

“What?” Gwanjae said in shock towards Mr. Choi’s question.

“I could never imagine anything like that happening. He just said that he wanted to be stronger. I hope that everything will be handled as it should be.”

“Alright.” Mr. Choi replied. However, he then asked, “Do you think Dongchul will give up at some point?”

“Of course not,” Gwanjae assured him.

***

Jaehwang and Dongchul who was sitting close by looked over towards Mr. Choi and Gwanjae, both of them looked a bit shocked. Dongchul looked in their direction but Mr. Choi avoided to make eye contact. Jaehwang, on the other hand, was sitting alone on a couch where his best friend kept his distance from since he was still a little bit angry. He wouldn’t have to go through this in the first place if it wasn’t for him.

The moment Mr. Choi looked over towards Jaehwang, he was shocked. He was so close by. It was so strange because he could recognize his face. Pictures of him went around online due to the girls going crazy over how handsome he was.

It was so weird to see him with his very own eyes, however, he was getting a strange feeling from him.

“Who are you?” He haven’t seen Jaehwang in two months but he felt that he had changed a lot since then. Mr. Choi then looked into his eyes...

‘That look...’

Mr. Choi thought to himself.

The Successor 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 134: The Successor 3




“It’s been a while since we’ve met,” Jaehwang said, greeting Mr. Choi however, Mr. Choi didn’t seem so pleased to meet him. His hands were trembling and he could feel his thoughts conflicting. It was obvious that he was tired but he still wanted to speak with Jaehwang.

“You... How did you do it?” Mr. Choi asked. He wanted to know the details about Jaehwang’s attacks.

Jaehwang then shrugged his shoulders and said, “Just a little something I learned...”

Mr. Choi was not satisfied with his answer. He thought that Jaehwang could be some kind of a monster, even just the thought of it gave him some chills and goosebumps. He just placed his hand on the sword sitting next to him, his sense of hostility still haven’t disappeared.

“How surprising,” Mr. Choi said with a tone full of admiration.

“I guess it’s just luck.”

“Yep, just luck...” Choi replied. He thought that if he meant it as a joke, it wasn’t a good one. “Well, I’m going to talk to Gwanjae.”

“Okay, see you another time,” Jaehwang said goodbye and returned back to his seat. Mr. Choi, on the other hand, thought of someone as he walked away. Jaehwang reminded him of someone he used to know a long time ago.

‘Dustin’

They were one of the two most powerful hunters in the world, Dustin... He was a very secretive person. Mr. Choi got a strange monster-like feeling the first time he met him as well.

***

“Phew...”

Jaehwang finished taking a shower and got into bed.

‘Three weeks?’ He suddenly thought of his mistake and he couldn’t get it out of his head.

—Spirit? Are you there?

—What is it?

—How much time do we have left before we visit that place again?

Jaehwang asked and after thinking for a moment, the spirit replied.

—About ten years... Maybe even up to 15 years. I don’t know how it could be done in a short amount of time. In that place his skills are limitless.

—Limitless...

Jaehwang thought about what she just told him. He was the successor of their strength. He expected to find some traces of it in Baekdusan. It was what his ancestors left behind and he even tried to use a high-altitude transport vehicle in an attempt to get ahold of it.

After hearing what the spirit said, he was able to put together a few more things. Of course, at first, Jaehwang was perfectly handling everything on his own however, he stopped when he ran out of clues. There were places that he couldn’t just go because of the dangers that it possessed.

During that time, they used their various connections with the army to get that kind of vehicle and after a week, they were able to learn the basics of high altitude diving. It was as expected of them because they were high-ranked hunters and they could learn things instantly. Jaehwang was also faithful with their training and he even told the others what he knew.

Jaehwang settled down in that place for some time before he went to a place called Samju. He spent his time every day looking for some traces and when he finally found some, he knew that he was ready for his real journey.

He followed those traces and it led him to a giant shaped door. He initially thought that it was a door leading to the Alousu since it looked just like one but it didn’t seem like it was a hole into the other worlds. That’s why he asked the spirit to open it with his magic so they could get through.

Then...

He thought that he was going crazy... Jaehwang was able to meet his ancestors from years ago through that door.

Finally, he was able to meet them and find out what they were hiding. Jaehwang was surprised. The sky was completely covered and but the entire place was dark and moist, it was as dense as a rainforest.

The sun seemed so far away and all of the leaves of the trees were on the ground along with a lot of trash. A strange smell filled the place, making it unbearable to the others except for the monsters that were there.

Being there was like going back to a past memory. Jaehwang just stood still, looking at all the scenery.

—We need your magic.

—Okay.

If the spirit wouldn’t be able to help him gather those monsters, then he would just have to wait.

He walked through the door and he soon encountered a few houses along a path. They didn’t see anyone else but they thought that maybe, they could find some to start their journey.

Soon enough, they found the place that they were looking for. They began to see someone in the distance as they walked further. That someone was covered in armor from head to toe and he was a holding a weapon in hand.

“That weapon in his hands...” As they got a little closer, Jaehwang was surprised to see that the person was holding a bow and arrow.

He couldn’t believe it. It looked just like an arrow that his father once gave to him.

He politely greeted him when he got closer but that person looked at him and said, “You’re not qualified. Go away.”

He had an annoyed tone in his voice.

—He’s one of them...

—Who is he?

—One of your ancestors! Be careful!

The spirit warned him.

— Stay sharp, you could be in great danger.

—Got it.

Jaehwang replied. If they were to interfere with anything then they may not be able to ever escape that place. That guy was strong. He could even be stronger than Gwanjae... That guy was like a monster.

Jaehwang couldn’t even use his tiger hunter skill because the guy might try to attack him with his deadly arrows if he tried to do so.

Although he wasn’t too sure about his skills since he haven’t seen them yet but then, he suddenly noticed that an arrow was already stabbed into his arm.

—I think he’s onto us!

—What?!

—Let’s go!

Pong! Pong!! Pong!!!!

The guy continued his barrage of arrows as Jaehwang ran away.

Pong!!!

The arrow flew through the wind at the speed of light and it followed Jaehwang’s every move like a missile as it left behind a trail of smoke. Jaehwang could recognize that it was a guided arrow just like the one he had used so many times. The arrow didn’t hit him directly but its impact was enough to knock him off his feet when it crashed into a nearby wall.

“Darn it!”

His ancestor tried to launch another arrow as a counterattack but fortunately, Jaehwang was able to move out of the way in time.

Jaehwang caught his arrow with his hand as it flew past him.

—He’s really strong!

—I told you so.

Jaehwang was shocked as he could never have imagined how strong he actually could have been. Words couldn’t even describe how powerful his ancestor was. There was no way that Jaehwang could even think about competing against him.

He couldn’t think about escaping. Jaehwang just stayed in hiding until the attacks had stopped. He planned to heal himself once he got himself out of there.

—I have to do something.

—Like what?

—I’ll just... We need to use a spell on him to at least weaken his powers for a moment... But what kind of spell could we use...

The spirit said as she tried to think of something. For their attack to have any effect, they would have to use a high ranked spell. Things just got harder when they realized that they can’t just escape that place.

—It’s so dangerous here.

The spirit said.

His ancestors seemed to be devoid of mercy. All of his shots were delivered with an intent to kill. Jaehwang felt like he was actually really lucky because he could have died if just one arrow made its mark. He couldn’t relax at all.

But, he cheered himself up and smiled.

—This is good.

—What?

—This is my chance to observe and learn something from them.

He looked towards his ancestor and realized something, he felt happier all of a sudden.

—What if you challenged him. How long do you think you would last?...

—Ha, I have no idea...

Jaehwang replied as he kept his eyes on him. It took a moment but he got up and walked towards his ancestor once again.

He was ready to begin the Challenge. There was no telling what might happen and then, he was able to complete it.

The Successor 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 135: The Successor 4




His ancestor was unbelievably powerful. Although Jaehwang wanted to ask him something, it seemed too dangerous for him to even get close. It was as if he was trying to keep him away from something he was trying to protect. Jaehwang hoped he would be able to get to talk to him the second time around.

“Amazing!” Jaehwang said, seeing the impact of his arrow when it crashed into the building.

“You are not welcome here! Begone!”

Every single day was a tricky situation, their practice had left them covered with their own wounds and blood.

“Cough... Cough...”

—If you keep going like this you’ll die!

—I’m not done yet...

Jaehwang said with an exhausted tone. He wanted to try and learn something from him even if it meant that he had to put his own life in danger.

There were some times that the situation itself was unavoidable. Two arrows had pierced through his legs and he fell down, he sacrificed his legs to protect his neck. It was like a miracle and he was able to regain his consciousness after he lost it when those arrows had hit him.

It happened quite a few times, his ancestor would stop his attacks and he would use the time to quickly heal himself. Soon enough, their eyes had met for the very first time.

“Hello, I am your ancestor who was left with a great debt like the rest of your family.”

“Wow...” Jaehwang greeted him politely to hide his shock. He was his grandfather, it was easy to recognize that he was his descendant.

Jaehwang remembered all of their family’s history that involved him and he even told him more.

“And that’s about it.”

“Wow...”

He told Jaehwang that he was the last descendant of their family.

“Our family... someone has to help them. Everyone has been cursed... when will it end...” His ancestor said with a sad tone. A tear fell down his face and he took a moment to get himself together...

“Therefore, you have to leave this place! Time is running out.” It was hard to listen to what he just said but Jaehwang knew he couldn’t just leave.

“I can’t do that. I’m going to revive our family again. They need help, I can’t back down.” Jaehwang said, his ancestor just looked at him for a moment and then said,

“Alright, how strong are you? If you don’t have strength like our ancestors then it’ll be no use for you to stay here.” His ancestor explained and Jaehwang then replied,

“I can do this, I know I can. Don’t worry.”

He was determined however, he didn’t simply need just the strength to succeed. His father and grandfather’s legacy should live on. All of his ancestors were counting on them and Jaehwang was their last hope.

“This is the fate of our family’s strength... it would lead you to where you need to go but, it will control you like a puppet.

“I will never become a puppet!” Jaehwang declared. His ancestor could see the determination in his eyes.

“That’s good to hear. Now, let’s destroy this terrible fate,” His ancestor replied.

Since then Jaehwang and his ancestor decided to work together. Although they didn’t think too much into detail about how they could fix everything, they didn’t plan on turning back. With all their determination, they spent their time training and learning everything that they needed to know.

Jaehwang monitored his skills through the status window every day to watch his progress. As he continued to train for hours each day, he improved faster and faster. He was so focused that he didn’t notice the time passing by.

Jaehwang stayed at his ancestor’s house in the meantime.

“These are monsters coming from space to invade the earth... From one of the three worlds... Maybe we could all work something out and live peacefully,” His ancestor said.

“If that happened then the three worlds would continue to collide...”

“This may just be a guess but maybe in the future things will be different...”

They were only making small talk but Jaehwang was actually hoping that it would happen too. It made him think that their time working together could be unwillingly shortened. That made him train even harder so one day, his ancestor and he would be close once again.

Jaehwang looked over at a vase that had a fancy pattern engraved into in it. “What is that?”

“That’s something I’ve been keeping. I thought it would be completed thanks to you because of the piece of it that was missing but it wasn’t able to rescue our ancestors...”

“?” He didn’t get what he meant, he just opened the vase and saw two well-defined circles inside of it. Jaehwang picked them up but they felt so coarse and rough that he had to drop it back.

“All this time I’ve been keeping them safe, they are now completely invincible so they’ll never break.”

The last piece that should complete them was stepped on and shattered. He handed them to Jaehwang and said, “Take them.”

Jaehwang felt like he was sweating before he calmed himself down. The strength inside of the broken pieces was still present. It was still so strong that it was overflowing.

“I can’t take this,” Jaehwang said as he stepped back. He knew that his ancestor made a thoughtful decision when he gave it to him but he couldn’t bring himself to take it.

—T-That’s something very rare and powerful

The spirit said with her voice shaking.

—What?”

—It’s not safe! All of its strength is from a crystalloid! Don’t take it!

She warned him and Jaehwang looked at the two white pieces in fright.

There’s a legend inside of it.

—It’s a Blue Dragon artifact. We know that. I think it is. It’s something your ancestor was looking for to help them! It soon became popular and became a god-like beast. And... from what we’ve seen it became a leader over everyone... Darn... I.. I have to get some sleep. I can’t keep going like this for much longer.

She said exhaustively and disappeared from Jaehwang’s head.

“Take it,” His ancestor insisted.

[Blue Dragon Special Artifact]

Quality of Material: ???

-Special Skill:

“There’s no information on it.” Jaehwang couldn’t exactly how powerful it was. Just thinking about how powerful it could be made him tremble in fear. He thought that all the artifacts in the world won’t be able to stand against this one.

“I will now convey our family’s last secrets. Kneel.” His ancestor said as he brought Jaehwang onto his knees. After that, his ancestor placed it on his back taking away all of his stress and pain. “Lower your head.”

“I don’t know about this...”

“I said lower your head!” His ancestor shouted, looking at him with an intense glare. Jaehwang then quickly lowered his head.

“Alright alright.” Jaehwang then tightly closed his eyes.

“I am a part of the 32nd generation of my family. My ancestors are in great debt and our new successor, Jeon Jaehwang, has dedicated his life to helping us out of this debt. He is the successor! Give him the family’s powerful ‘divine arrow’!”

Pang pang pang!

He shouted and suddenly, a white light emerged in both of his palms before it enveloped him.

“Ouch...” An energy Jaehwang had never felt before flooded through his head, causing him to feel great pain.

“Stop it!” His ancestor said in a loud voice scaring Jaehwang. He then started to bleed from his mouth and his eyes became bloodshot. He felt as if he was about to explode.

“Make him the successor, now!”

A moment later Jaehwang’s head became completely blank as if everything was suddenly erased. There was a feeling as if lava was flowing through his head, however, he realized that it was a piece of the ‘Divine Arrow’ that he mentioned. He felt like his skills were also increasing.

This wasn’t something he could just learn. This was realized thousands of centuries ago.

“Wow...” He was still in pain but he already felt so much more powerful.

[Legend skill awakened.]

***

—Did they become extinct?

—I’m not sure.

“Hm...”

Jaehwang stood up to his feet. He was feeling much better than he was earlier that day. He closed his eyes and felt as if he was back at that time. Inside his memory, his ancestor said to him, “I want to rest now.”

“...”

“My descendant. Only you can help me find peace,” He said to Jaehwang.

“I can’t do that,” Jaehwang replied, denying his request. He couldn’t take on that responsibility. He had no idea how he could master his new skill.

To master the skill, he would have to train harder than he ever had before, however, his ancestor didn’t understand how it could be so hard to him. Maybe he wasn’t in the right place without the spirit by his side. After thinking about that, he spoke to him again.

“You’re not a bad person...” His ancestor said, looking at him with a melancholic expression.

Although he didn’t know him so well, he could understand him. If he had no confidence then they and their ancestor would have never had any hope. But, he wasn’t worried about that.

Their ancestor’s fate had now disappeared.

“Now that you have the Blue Dragon artifact, you will not have the same terrible fate as us.”

“Don’t worry.”

“Listen. You’re not tangled up in the same trouble as them but there’s still a lot of trouble in the world that needs some fixing.”

“Yes,” Jaehwang said in agreement to what his ancestor said.

“Find them. Them so... so you can destroy them with your new arrow.”

The Successor 4, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 136: Nothing to Lose




Jaehwang got out of his bed and opened the blinds of the window. The dim light from the rising sunset was shining among the clouds as he looked towards the end of the horizon where he came from.

He couldn’t even remember how long it have been since he came all this way... At that moment, he considered opening the status window without the spirit.

[Status Window – Skill]

Legend Skill

Divine Arrow (Workmanship-)

Blue Dragon Skill (Workmanship-)

Unique Skill

Archery skill (Workmanship-)

-Unique Arrow

-Guided Arrow

-Explosive Arrow

-Strong Arrow

-Arrow Shower

Common Skill

Cooking – Rank 8, 11 percent

Quick healing skill – Rank 12, 45 percent

The change in Jaehwang’s status window couldn’t be compared to before. Everything related to his ancestors had disappeared and the reason for it was simple.

“Someone did this. It was the foundation of my ancestor’s vision.” He had to be more careful so he wouldn’t lose any more progress on his skills. Sometimes the workmanship between his unique skills and his best skills had disappeared. But that wasn’t the only thing that changed. His archery skills and tiger hunter skill names had changed. They didn’t just change, they had returned to their respective names.

All of the usual skill remained the same; Guided Arrow, Unique Arrow, Exploding Arrow, Strong Arrow and his newly developed skill ‘Arrow Shower’. He realized that it wasn’t simply just him shooting his arrows fast, it was a skill that allowed him to quickly shoot dozens of arrows at a time. Those arrows were much stronger than any he usually used.

“You have everything you need to help them.”

“But, the tracks of my ancestors...”

“You’ll rescue them eventually, don’t worry.”

“You’re their only hope,” his ancestor said to him.

“Their only hope...” Jaehwang closed his eyes and thought about all the memories of his ancestors that he could remember. He then opened his eyes and took a deep breath before practicing his skills.

“Blue dragon and... Divine arrow.”

As he used the [Blue Dragon] skill, he could feel the energy rushing through him. It felt as if he could feel a rush of wind moving inside his body which was made out of pure energy.

Woosh

Jaehwang opened his hands and ushered out a red light on his palms. He didn’t get to see all of the information about his new skills, all he knew that it was a high-ranked unique skill so he felt that he didn’t need to know anything else.

However and more importantly, the energy that made it wasn’t that strong.

Energy: 11,050

Healing Energy: 30

He was surprised to see his energy quickly increasing.

“Is it not finished yet?” Jaehwang said, seeing the effects of the [Blue Dragon] skill. He realized that this skill was still one of the most powerful skills that existed to this day.

“How about the Divine arrow skill...” Jaehwang took out one of the arrows and set it on his bow but...

—Don’t use that!

The spirit shouted, stopping him.

—What is it?

—Thanks to you, I just can’t rest no matter what... That energy is too much for you, or even me, to handle... You haven’t trained enough for it yet.

—Fine.

Jaehwang said as a reply to the spirit’s warning as he dropped the arrow on his hand.

The [Blue Dragon] skill was something his ancestors wanted him to have for him to use his skills at it’s fullest potential. But of course, it has some requirements that he needed to reach.

“All of your arrows are pretty strong.”

“True, they all are. I need to practice with the newer ones a lot more.” Jaehwang replied to his ancestor.

His new arrows were very strong and couldn’t be easily avoided. Even the spirit instinctively felt a bit frightened.

“You still need to train yourself some more to be able to use them correctly and safely.”

“Yeah,” Jaehwang replied. He knew that he currently didn’t have what it takes to use his new skills...

The status window then opened again.

Archery Skill – Special Artifact Set (2/2)

Arrow weight: 600 pounds

Best range: 6000 meters

Effective range: 3000 meters

Material: Steel (Artifact)

Special Skill

Acceleration: (S Rank)

Penetration: (S Rank)

Defense: (S Rank)

Set Effectiveness

Divine Arrow summon (Call time: 10 days)

Jaehwang pulled an arrow out of his black leather case and carefully placed it onto his bowstring.

Swoosh...

The arrow weighed 600 pounds but he had an easier time pulling it back compared to anything that he had used before but even so, he did his best to take care of it since it was an heirloom.

Its performance was unbelievable.

The material of the arrow was supposed to be steel but it wasn’t just any normal steel. It becomes a whole lot stronger the moment it becomes a special artifact. Artifacts were quite rare and hard to come by for a lot of hunters so they were very valuable.

Gathering a set of artifacts were hard, especially if it was even rarer and powerful. Their call times were a little longer than the others and the possessor had to be very careful when using them if they’re not trained enough.

Jaehwang then heard the voice of a lady next to him. He turned his head and saw the spirit who was staring at him with an angry expression. “You’ve been progressing well but could you take it easy just for today?”

“Well I... I can’t.” He said quietly, wanting not to disappoint her. He could barely even get his words out before the spirit gave him a pat on the back.

“Come on, get some rest.”

“Alright.” Jaehwang lied down onto the bed and the spirit rested her head on his arm. He then closed his eyes and began to fell asleep.

‘Tonight was harder than I thought.’

If anyone were to see that sight right now, they would be confused about their relationship, however, they would just consider themselves as teammates or friends.

***

Jaehwang woke up the next day and he washed up before he left. He had been wearing his casual clothing for a few days now so he decided to put on his training clothes to get some work done and right before that, he went to a nearby restaurant for breakfast.

He checked his phone while his order was being prepared and the door of the restaurant then opened. The person who walked in was so tall that his head was only a few inches away from the ceiling. He didn’t recognize the person so he looked back down on his phone.

“This seems just like yesterday.”

“Take a seat.”

He noticed a middle-aged woman that he thought looked familiar.

“Huh...” He looked around, trying to find where she was sitting. A guy then noticed Jaehwang sitting near the window on his phone and walked over to him.

“Sit and be quiet,” Jaehwang said without taking his eyes off of his phone. It was Dongchul. He then sat down on the opposite side of the table. Dongchul sat there until Jaehwang asked him a question without him taking his eyes off of his phone.

“You returned fast, was it that bad? What’s up?”

“W-Well that’s not it...” Dongchul stuttered when Jaehwang asked him about what happened with the shrine yesterday. He took a deep breath and then nodded his head. Jaehwang didn’t know exactly what he was doing. He arrived earlier than the arranged time so he was a bit angry.

A few minutes later, all of their food came and they began to eat.

Dongchul then looked at Jaehwang on the opposite side of the table. He then tilted his head as he noticed something on the screen of Jaehwang’s phone while he was eating.

Nothing to Lose, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 137: Nothing to Lose 2




Jaehwang was reading a blog about a traditional house in their country. “I’m thinking about remodeling the cabin in the mountains...”

“Ah...” Dongchul replied. He had only ever seen the cabin in the mountains twice. Although he wasn’t sure at the moment, he remembered a time when he went up to the mountains. It wasn’t too dangerous but it was physically taxing because of the density of its forest and valleys.

“Why are you remodeling it though?”

“It’s really old...”

“I see.”

“I also wanted to make it a bit more accessible. I haven’t had a chance to visit my parent’s graves for a while now...” Jaehwang thought about his parents a lot when he met his ancestor in Baekdusan. He really missed visiting them and he also missed seeing the shrine.

Mr. Song, his grandfather, was taking care of their graves and the cabin but it’s been two years since Jaehwang had the chance to see it for himself.

“Really? Well then, let’s go together...” Dongchul had been with Jaehwang for a long time but he realized that he became so caught up in training with Gwanjae. He felt the same way as Jaehwang did and wanted to escape but he didn’t think that he was allowed to. Besides, if he left his girlfriend, she won’t be able to live alone. He was also afraid of the thought of him getting injured or even killed.

He was afraid but he knew what he wanted to do. From that day, he decided to prepare himself for anything... His goal was to become even more powerful than Jaehwang or Gwanjae.

***

Gwanjae had a 100-meter wide square-shaped personal drill hall. The floors were made entirely out of a special type of steel alloy, a type of material that could only be scratched by the strongest of weapons. It got installed on the surface of the room and every morning, it would get cleaned.

There were two people sitting at a table in the middle of the drill hall and they were both sitting in quite strange ways. One was sitting on a big box and the other was sitting on a black stand.

“There’s no way that could have happened. Are you serious?” Mr. Choi asked Gwanjae who was sitting on the box. Gwanjae then replied with,

“I know, it’s been a long time since we made use of it... Did the test go well?” Gwanjae asked and Mr. Choi shook his head.

“No, it’s only been three days so far.”

They were talking about a custom weapon Gwanjae used in the past for his training. But, was Gwanjae overconfident? Even Gwanjae himself has his limits.

“By the way, what are you going to do with that?”

Gwanjae then just glanced at Mr. Choi. He was thinking the same thing as he knew it would take some time for him to get where he planned to be.

“I know that guy, he’s pretty tough. Although he’s good at catching monsters he’s not so good at a fist fight.”

“Right. Isn’t he also really tall compared to others?”

“Besides his usual attitude, he’s a little more serious and stubborn. What could you even teach him? Haha.” Mr. Choi said and Gwanjae remained in his place without a word.

“Alright then, let’s teach for eight hours. How about that?”

“That would be great.” Mr. Choi replied in agreement. Of course, Gwanjae and Mr. Choi were not interested in training Dongchul so they didn’t make an appointment for his training session.

“I can’t stand that guy.”

If Jaehwang was the monster then that would make his friend Dongchul a mutant. Dongchul was just simply not capable of reaching the level he wanted to reach.

In the beginning, Gwanjae agreed to train him as a favor because he was Jaehwang’s friend but after a while, he felt that the time was up. Gwanjae’s training was famous for making hunters stronger and even he knew that. He just couldn’t keep wasting his time training him.

Was he a good learner? No. He couldn’t understand a thing. Even when he gave him examples, he still couldn’t get it. He would have to do a year’s worth of training to get to the level he was aiming for. Trying to reach his goal in only a few months was clearly impossible.

However, Gwanjae could acknowledge him for his continuous hard work and determination.

In conclusion, training Dongchul wasn’t so bad but he wasn’t good at all either. But even so, he still knew that it wasn’t possible for him to surpass his friend Jaehwang as he wanted.

Inside the box that he sat on was a full set of armor that weighed a ton and was made with the same material that he had on his walls. He was going to let him wear it during practice if he didn’t give up. But... Would he ever get the chance to wear it? There was no way to tell.

“You seem to be working hard too, with teaching him and all...”

“Yeah...”

“Why isn’t he here yet? Did he give up?...”

“I’m not sure...”

They continued to wait there, not knowing if he would eventually show up for not.

***

Wooshhh... Pong

“That will be thirty dollars please.”

“Here,” Jaehwang handed his card to the cashier to pay for the item. He blankly stared at a taxi as it drove by, he then began to walk down a familiar lane.

“This neighborhood hasn’t changed a bit.”

Everything was exactly the same as when he first saw it. Even the trees and rocks were in the same places as they were before...

As he continued to walk down the lane, the spirit then said,

—Why couldn’t you have just taken a car?

—I don’t have a driver’s license.

—Then get one!

—You’re so annoying.

Jaehwang said and the spirit then replied.

—In dramas, they would usually take some form of public transportation. Why can’t you just learn to drive? Why not take a taxi instead?

—It’s a lot easier said than done, and taxis are expensive. Everything is made to be perfect in drama in novellas. They’re far from real life.

—But this is such a waste of time.

The spirit said in a disappointing tone. She always knew that Jaehwang was a very dull person who lived a boring lifestyle. He definitely needed something more exciting added to his life.

—You’re too boring. Let’s have some fun.

—Fun?

—You need a hobby. Yeah, that should do it!

The spirit insisted.

—I have a hobby. It’s archery.

—Mhm.

That was true. Archery was his hobby and it always places him in a better mood. And what did he do with the rest of his spare time? sleep, of course. Other guys usually go crazy over some branded expensive products but Jaehwang didn’t care about any of those things.

He had spent his entire life dedicated to his hunter career. He didn’t care what anyone else had to say about it. It was the most important thing to him.

However, he could use a bit of upgrading.

All he did was dress casually and on top of that, he almost had never bought any clothes at all. He was a cheapskate, but he was willing to spend most of his money on expensive arrows.

“You’ve been watching too many dramas.”

“It’s not only in dramas!” The spirit shouted in frustration. Suddenly, Jaehwang noticed a strange feeling but he didn’t notice anything unusual around the area they were in...

“I’ll be fine like this,” Jaehwang said, putting an end to their conversation. The spirit then took a deep breath and just accepted that fact.

“Fine. I guess you don’t have to worry.”

Hunters didn’t age very well. High ranked hunters would age slowly, especially if you’re like Gwanjae. He was 90 years old but he didn’t look a day past 50 and he could still move around well.

Jaehwang was currently in his early twenties and had a long way to go so he didn’t have to worry about wrinkles on his face just yet. But he would still wear a hood wherever he went to avoid some people staring at his face.

After a few more minutes of walking, they finally reached their destination and walked through the entrance. Jaehwang then stopped as he noticed a banner hanging from the ceiling.

[Dear mountain village residents, there is state-owned land on the opposite side of the area.]

[It’s a luxury house in a peaceful country village!]

[We guarantee that you’ll love it!]

Jaehwang looked at the banners in disgust. He became nervous, thinking about how long had it been hanging there. He quickly ran to the bottom floor and before he left, he took a look at the scenery.

The air in the mountains felt different than before.

At first, he didn’t see any people around, the only thing that he could see was the rice and corn fields sitting in the distance.

When he was young, he would always go to the city but there was a monster gate that was found close by. It appeared and disappeared and soon, their area was plagued by monsters.

He still didn’t see any people as he continued to walk further. He looked all over the village and suddenly, he finally saw where all the people were.

“W-Why are they all over there?...”

They were on the pathway, crowding at the entrance to the mountain. In front of them were four muscled men, holding their heavy equipment.

Ponggg

They began to approach the villagers with their giant weapons. The others tried to run away but there was an old guy with a cane in their way. He then saw Jaehwang and shouted,

“That idiot!” He shouted in anger.

Click... Deukk

Jaehwang quickly launched an arrow. His intention was to just scare the old man, not to hurt him.

“What the heck...” The old man was trespassing into the village.

Jaehwang was trying his best to at least scare him away but...

He tried to take a closer look at the old man’s face to see him clearly just in case it was Mr. Song.

“Exploding Arrow Shower!”

Click! Pang pang pang!!!

Jaehwang’s arrow caused a sonic boom in the entire area.

Nothing to Lose 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 138: Nothing to Lose 3




Whoosh

A huge arrow flew in front of Mr. Song.

He quickly moved out of the way in a panic but it was too late. The arrow landed on the floor right in front of him.

Kwang!

“Oh, hi there. If you’re not coming with us to offer rice to the Buddha then please move,” said by a guy in a suit with a rude tone as he stood at the entrance.

“Hey! He won’t listen! Who is he and why is he here?!” One of them shouted.

“What’s going on? Why does he keep ignoring me? Is something wrong with his ears. You haven’t even been here for five minutes yet. Did you not know? Should I show you?”

“These kids! They’re completely useless!”

“Why is this place yours!” Shouted one of the residents.

“Ugh, this is tiresome. This has been going on for a few days now.”

“Just let it go,” someone else said. The crowd was quite big so it must have been a very expensive piece of land. It seems that he also made the others do the work in their farms.

But still, it looked like they were paying off a huge debt by helping them out. It usually happens when a farmer goes bankrupt. They would eventually borrow some money from the country and that would cause their debts to pile up until their business fails. Sadly that was a very common story.

It was a hard situation for the people in the village and hey did their best to work through it.

However, recently there’s been a strange story going around. There was something going around that there were people offering their help to the people suffering from the same problem. He wasn’t sure about what was going on. They were out on the farm at dawn working and looked as if they wanted to escape.

Apparently, they had been out there for days according to what he overheard. It seemed like they were trying to fix it up to sell it to the citizens of the mountain village.

There was no official owner yet and they were carefully calculating the exact price to sell it for. They could sell it for a good price even though they haven’t even talked with the village people.

They even got a construction team there to tear down the houses that were there.

Soon, the village started to become disordered. After he returned to the neighborhood, he heard that the construction crew started their demolition. He then heard loud shout coming from somewhere.

He came and soon saw some of the villagers being restrained at the entrance. Although he thought about going to the police to help them, he knew that it would be useless. Rather than going to the police, he decided to save them himself.

Jaehwang quickly ran towards the place where he heard the screams but the entrance was blocked. The people were trapped and whoever was responsible for it made sure that they couldn’t easily be rescued.

There was a lot of equipment on the construction site nearby but unfortunately, the equipment had been blocked off since they’ve been placed there so people wouldn’t bother it.

Jaehwang wondered how he could help those people.

“If I just blow up the entrance with an arrow then the people inside could die too...”

“We’re going to have to think of something else...” The spirit replied.

They needed to find a way to get through the entrance without using any weapons that could also harm the others being restrained inside.

“Hey! Clean up the things around here!”

“Yes, sir.” A guy in a black suit then approached them.

“Everyone, gather around.”

“Yes, sir!”

All of the workers gathered around and the guy wearing the suit then extended his hand. Jaehwang looked around and he could see the village people who were being restrained. He could clearly see that they had been beaten...

“That old guy is really annoying...”

“Ugh!” The guy in the black suit shouted in anger. He then picked up an iron pipe off of the ground and he began to walk closer towards the crowd but then...

A loud noise blasted through them and the ground began to shake, ushering the rain of arrows that fell from the sky.

Swooshh... Kwang kwang kwang!!! Kwang kwang kwang!!! Kwang kwang!!!

“Huh?! What’s going on?!”

“Ahhhh!!”

“It’s an e-earthquake!”

An ear-tearing explosion shook the ground and shortly after that, they saw a trail of red light from the sky coming towards them.

Whoosh... Boom!

It soon crashed into them, creating a yet another huge explosion.

“W-Was that a bomb?”

“What’s going on here...” The guy in the black suit said, looking around in confusion.

Suddenly, a person appeared out of nowhere. It was Jaehwang and he then patted Mr. Song on his shoulder.

“Huh?” Mr. Song turned his head and was surprised by what he saw. He couldn’t believe who he was seeing.

“Hi, granddad.”

“J-Jaehwang!” Mr. Song said in disbelief as he looked at him.

The other village people then heard them and turned their heads. Obviously, they were also surprised by what they saw.

“Huh? Jaehwang!”

“Jaehwang, you’re here!”

Every one of them could recognize him the moment they saw him. He left the village back when he went to get his hunter license and they continued to support and cheer him on since then.

The guy in the suit then looked over their way and saw Jaehwang.

“Hey! What are you doing!” He shouted.

The greeting with the village was then cut short. Jaehwang looked at the guy in the suit and said, “Why don’t you come here to see for yourself, come on.”

“Fine.” The guy in the suit answered before walking towards him with an angry expression. “Those people right there work for me. I’m in charge.”

Jaehwang then turned to Mr. Song again and asked, “What are these people doing?”

“Well... I... I...” Mr. Song couldn’t get himself together.. Jaehwang didn’t understand what was going on at all. He was wearing the Bloody Mary tiara and he was using its power to take control over the village people.

Jaehwang wanted to do the same since he also had one. He wanted to take control and get rid of the guy controlling them and his workers. But, Jaehwang didn’t want to look like a terrible person in front of all of them.

Jaehwang spoke to the guy in the suit once more and said, “What’s going on here?”

“Hm. Well...” He explained everything to Jaehwang with great detail and he even told him their plan.

“Is Choi the owner of this place?” Jaehwang asked.

“He is. He bought this land two or three years ago,” The leader answered and the village people remained quiet. He was the one who bought the land and then took control of the village.

The Korean Forest Service, the district office and the members of the national assembly all seemed to be quite aware of the situation besides the fact they did nothing to stop it. The village people felt hopeless.

“Ooh!” The guy in the suit shouted.

He then quickly looked around as if he was suddenly looking for something, he then saw the workers sitting and shouted, “Hey! What’s going on over there! Are you all resting?!”

The workers then immediately got up.

“Get back to work!”

At first, the workers looked a little angry. They looked over towards the village people with an embarrassed look on their faces as they saw Jaehwang standing there beside them. Although they didn’t really know what was going on, they had a hunch that he was a threat to them.

“Who are you?” One of the workers looked at him but he didn’t give him a reply. He could tell that he was a ruthless person. “W-Who are you?”

“This is who I am.” Jaehwang then took off his backpack and handed him a silver card. It looked like a normal card but it had a shape that he had never seen before. Little did he know it was a little bent because Jaehwang threw it in his backpack in a rush before he went here.

After he read Jaehwang’s information on the card, his legs began to feel weak.

[Jeon Jaehwang, level 6 Hunter]

The worker was shocked to see how powerful he was. He was even stronger than their boss. He couldn’t believe it.

“I-Is this real?”

The worker asked. He had never seen a license like it. He had never seen anyone so powerful. They’ve seen high ranked hunters like around the levels three and four but they haven’t encountered a level six hunter until now.

Only ten level six hunters existed in Korea. With that being said, seeing one of them was basically impossible.

“He’s a level six hunter!”

“Woah...”

All of them froze in their places. They knew that there was no way that they could go against him.

“W-What is he doing here?...” The boss said with a stutter.

“Me? I’m the owner of this mountain,” Jaehwang replied.

Nothing to Lose 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 139: Nothing to Lose 4




“Is there something that you want to say?” Jaehwang asked.

The guy in the suit then lowered his head. Finding a level six hunter was actually something that he should be thankful for.

Jaehwang then looked to Mr. Song and asked, “Why haven’t you told me about any of this?”

Although he knew that there wasn’t much he could do, he could have simply called him at least. The reason he was there was to decorate the cabin but now he couldn’t because he’s now stuck helping them. But even so, he wasn’t surprised to come and see something like that happening.

“It all happened so fast... and... You’re still my grandson, I should look after you more.” Even though Jaehwang was an adult, he was still just a little boy to Mr. Song but, to resolve the current situation, he had to accept the fact that he’s no longer a kid that he used to be.

“Are you okay?”

“My head doesn’t feel so good but that’s all.”

“Alright, that’s a relief.” Jaehwang then gave the village people some food. After they finished up eating, he went up the mountain to get to the cabin. He was a bit nervous on his way up due to what just happened and he then heard his phone ring.

—Hello, Jaehwang. This is the hunter leader, Yoo Han Song.

Said a guy’s voice through the phone. Jaehwang was the first person he called after hearing the news because Jaehwang was the VVIP of the team.

—Hi, Yoo Han Song.

—I’m calling to say thanks for all your help Jaehwang.

Yoo Han politely thanked Jaehwang.

—There’s something I want to ask you. Now that I’m one of the managers how much will I be making?

Jaehwang asked and team leader, Yoo Han’s voice lightly stiffened. That definitely a very sensitive thing to ask about.

—Is it that important for you to know right now? Let’s meet up so we can talk about it.

—Alright. How does tomorrow sound?

—That will be great.

—Okay then, it’s set.

Jaehwang replied. Due to the fact that Jaehwang wasn’t the type of person that would always spend his money, he barely had any idea on what to do with it.

—I’ll be on my way to Incheon station.

—Okay,

—Also, is there a chance that you could do me a favor? I was hoping that you could negotiate for us about this special weapon.

—Sure. Where should I go and who should I meet?

Yoo Han gave him the instructions before he dropped the call. Jaehwang then made a call to someone else after that call ended.

—Vice president, hello.

—Jaehwang! What are you doing calling so suddenly?

The vice president of the hunter team answered with a happy and surprised voice.

—I’m calling to ask for a bit of a favor.

—Sure, what is it?

The Vice president replied. Thankfully for Jaehwang, he already seemed willing to help.

—It’s not anything too crazy...

Jaehwang explained everything to him and after he was finished, the Vice president replied,

—Well, I don’t know what we could do, I’m sorry. We’ll definitely have to think of something and take care of this before things get worse.

—Alright, thanks.

Jaehwang replied. Things still needed to be sorted out before they could even go over everything to find a solution to fix it.

—This is all because of that stupid president of ours. He needs to learn how to take responsibility for these things.

—I know. But, thanks for your help.

If the president were to take responsibility and do something about it then Jaehwang wouldn’t have to deal with it all on his own.

—Is that all you need?

He then looked around after Jaehwang finished talking as someone could have overheard their conversation. Jaehwang then said,

—I have an idea that I need your opinion on.

—An idea?

He asked and Jaehwang explained to him his entire plan. Jaehwang told him about his plan to remodel the cabin and although he would need a lot of money for it, he wasn’t worried about it at the moment.

—Wow, you’re redecorating your family’s old home. Do you have everything already prepared to start the remodeling?

—Not quite. But the purpose of this is for me to have a relaxing place where me and my friends could hang out.

—Like when you used to hang out with your friends there back in the day? Sounds great. Is there any I could do if you need any help?

—Well actually, there is. I did ask for help from the team leader but I didn’t want to interfere with anything important.

—I totally understand. Since there were a lot of hunters nearby that area, I’ll send an advanced team of hunters to help you catch them and keep everything safe.

—Alright, thanks.

Jaehwang replied happily.

—I’ll also send a present with them.

—A present?

—Yes. Don’t even think about refusing it. I want you to have it.

—Alright, thanks in advance I guess?

Jaehwang said. He had no idea what the present would be but he still thanked him and after saying their goodbyes, the phone call ended.

The next day Jaehwang woke up at dawn and went up to the mountain. After eating breakfast, he hesitated to even go near his parents’ grave.

Everything about the cabin still looked just as it did years ago. Thanks to Mr. Song who would go up to the cabin and clean it occasionally, everything still looked just fine. He went to his parents’ grave and saw that they were taken care of with the weeds being pulled out and the grass being mowed. The shrine had also been kept dust free and organized. Although it was cold on the mountains, the shrine seemed to be filled with a cozy warm energy.

Jaehwang greeted the ancestral tablets with a smile. He went to change his clothes and after that, he grabbed a broom and started sweeping the floor.

“I should clean up a little.”

“Why did you summon me!”

—You’ll help too.

Jaehwang replied to the spirit who didn’t seem too happy about his idea.

“Hurry.”

“Ugh,” the spirit replied.

“I really hate cleaning...”

“Don’t you want to buy some chocolates later?”

“Fine, I’ll clean up,” the spirit said.

They were able to finish up by noon. The cabin was very big but having two people cleaning it greatly reduced the time that it needed to finish it. Jaehwang was setting the table for lunch until he heard something from outside. He immediately went to see what it was and saw a helicopter flying in the air over the cabin.

“A helicopter is here...”

It remained fifty meters in the air as it circled around the cabin. Soon, the helicopter landed and a man and a woman wearing a business attire stepped out of it.

The woman came out first as she held a very powerful weapon in her hands. She then walked towards Jaehwang and greeted him.

“We have been sent here to assist you.”

“Ooh, so you’re the special advanced team he said that he was going to send.”

“Yes, nice to meet you. starting from today, we will be here to help with the hunting and whatever else you might need.”

“Thank you for your help,” Jaehwang said and returned the greeting. She then handed him a document.

“If this isn’t the newest model then our vice president would ask you to send something else. You have to sign here...”

“Huh?” Jaehwang said as he was confused. The women then replied simply saying,

“This is the gift that the vice president wanted you to have.”

“The gift for me?”

“Yes. If you don’t like it then...”

“No no, that’s not it,” Jaehwang said as he shook his head. It was quite a big gift and he really did appreciate the vice president sending it. Of course, he didn’t really need a helicopter but it could come in handy. A lot of high-ranked hunters had a helicopter.

“All of the expenses has been handled and now it’s all yours.”

“Wow, thank you so much.”

Since they can’t find a safe place to park his helicopter, they went down and into the town to find some space. After that, Jaehwang and his team went back into the cabin.

***

A big ten-floor building was in the middle of a small town located on the outskirts of Seoul. In front of the building was a luxury car that made a sudden stop.

Click...

They heard the sound of an office door opening and they soon saw a middle-aged man walk through it.

“B-Boss,” said a woman who was looking down on her phone. She then stood up from her chair and greeted the boss. The woman then noticed that he smelled of alcohol.

“Miss Kim! Didn’t I say that if someone comes to see me then just say I’m not coming in today?!”

“Oh, um. Right, I must have forgotten,” the woman replied and a guy then ran through the office door.

“Hurry... Hurry!!” He ran towards the door and opened up a safe that was hidden on the wall.

Click

The safe opened up and the guy began to look inside of it.

“This can’t be... This can’t be...”

The guy’s name was Park SongDu. He wasn’t tall and didn’t have any noticeable muscles but he was quite stable and calm, most of the time at least. He was currently regretting going out to have a drink with the boss. That morning, he realized that it was best to avoid those activities.

Nothing to Lose 4, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 140: The Dark Knight Clan




That morning, he got a call from his co-workers and they told him that they all got a hangover. Although his co-workers were in the hospital, that wasn’t part of the big problem. There was something he heard about a level 6 hunter. Just thinking about it brought an indescribable fear to him.

Luckily, he could calm himself down and relax a little to be able to think straight once again. He was only hoping that he and his team could avoid him and be safe. But, there was another problem. When he called the boss and told him about the situation, he was acting a little strange and secretive.

—I have some important business to attend to so I have to go overseas. I’ll be back soon.

—What business?

It had to be the reason for his sudden departure. Maybe he wanted to go play golf or go to the casino. His secret could have had something to do with the call he had with an agent on the phone.

His face turned pale and he immediately rushed to the airport as if he was chasing after someone. However, he had a hunch that it was all because he heard the news of the level 6 hunter being around.

Everyone knew how dangerous a level 6 hunter was and did not want to stick around to see what could happen if they crossed paths with one.

‘If I could find him and catch him myself then this will be over.’ He thought to himself. Would that even be possible? It’s clearly wouldn’t be something so simple.

“Whew...”

He left the office after packing everything he needed into his bag. He took the boss’s plane and got going, he only had the skills of a third ranked-hunter and although he ran into some issues while getting his license, he was dedicated to improving his strength.

He got onto the elevator to go down to the first floor but it went up instead.

“Huh? Why is it going up?!”

Within a matter of seconds, he started to sweat uncontrollably. He soon gave up on the elevator and took the emergency exit instead. He ran all the way to the first floor until he saw the door that would leave him outside of the building.

He was still extremely anxious as he ran down the stairs. Suddenly, he stopped running with an unpleasantly surprised look on his face. Just two rows ahead of him was a guy in a black suit standing there, glaring at him menacingly.

This should have been enough to make him freeze but he still went on towards the exit. The guy in the suit already knew he was up to something that he wouldn’t be too happy to hear about.

“What the hell are you doing?!”

The boss in the suit shouted as he watched him run out of the building. It wasn’t like him being weak, he was just plainly strong. The boss was just hoping that he wasn’t planning on doing something too crazy.

If he was actually serious about trying to catch that hunter, he would need to risk his life to do so and it’s quite possible that he won’t be able to make it back. The boss then went back to his office and he could still see him through the window as he made his escape.

However, he soon gave up after a few attempts. The worst thing was that he had to go back to the office of his boss.

“What are you thinking! Are you trying to risk all of our reputations?!” The boss shouted along with the others in the office that was just as angry as him. They all had their arms crossed together with a smile however, their smiles had soon disappeared. They suddenly heard a loud noise and everyone looked around, wondering what was going on.

“Sorry but it’s not safe here, we have to go now,” Songdu warned them and everyone then rushed onto the elevator.

“Ugh! There are too many people on here at once! Only seven people could go first.”

“You can wait. You were already on your way to the airport but you gave up.”

“True. You can handle yourself, the rest of us need to escape as soon as possible.”

“Me? Aren’t I the one in charge of this building?”

“Whatever, the first to catch him will be the one to follow.”

“Fine! I guess I’ll just be the first one to catch him!” Songdu replied.

“Are you sure about that?”

One of the few people inside said right before he started pulling him to get him off the elevator. The others joined in on it too. He tried to ignore it but soon, it felt as if he was literally being torn apart.

“Arrgh!”

“Hey! He’s being torn apart! Pull him with his skin!”

“Let go, everyone. That’s enough!”

“Why should we? Give up! Just trust me with this next time.”

“But boss, I need some money too.”

“Arghhh!” Songdu shouted in pain and then felt as if he was about to lose his consciousness. He then prayed, he prayed to quickly black himself out.

***

Deukdeukdeuk

There was a strange noise outside the window and it was a helicopter passing by towards its destination. 30 minutes later, it arrived in Seoul just as Jaehwang had planned.

—Wow, we’re flying in the sky!

The spirit said in awe.

—It’s so fast!

The spirit continued to look out the window, being fascinated by everything.

—Is this as high as it can go? Higher! Higher!

The airplane was already flying very high. If they went up even higher they could possibly reach the end of the skies.

The special team that was sent to him was also there on the helicopter. All of them spent time to get to know each other a little before they got onto the helicopter and proceeded with Jaehwang’s plan.

What the vice president said was right, there were a lot of monsters to catch.

Jaehwang then closed his eyes to take a short rest until he heard an alert from the speakers of the helicopter.

—A warning has been issued at the third gate... an incident has happened...

The emergency warning ended and the pilot looked over towards Jaehwang and said, “It’s a gate warning. We should return back towards the west.”

Gate warnings were very serious. It was very dangerous to continue on the way towards the gate after hearing that kind of warning.

“Could we contact the raid control tower in Sejonsi?” Jaehwang asked the pilot and he shook his and head replied,

“Sure, the raid control tower center frequency is always in good shape.”

“Alright, let’s go that way so we can contact them,” Jaehwang said and the pilot then directed the helicopter towards their new destination.

“You’re going to call for backup on the raid?”

“Yeah...” Jaehwang replied and then moved out of the helicopter’s passenger seat. Soon, they heard a beeping sound and were able to contact the Sejongsi raid control tower.

—Hello this is the Sejongsi raid control tower.

—Today at 14:00 there was an incident that happened at the third gate and a contact request was made. Contact request information number xxxxxx Jeon Jaehwang.

They said the number on his hunter license card to confirm his identity.

—It’s a participation request. Thank you for your bravery, sir. We are checking the information. Today at 14:00 there was an incident that took place near the third gate. Participation request number xxxxxx by Jeon Jaehwang. Is that correct?

—Yes, that is correct.

—We will contact you after identification is complete.

Although he was a powerful hunter, he still couldn’t go on raids without any monitoring or approval. Whoever came by would have to get approval before going into a danger zone like that one.

Obviously, he had a bit of independence due to the fact they were even considering of approving him.

Jaehwang’s approval request was currently being inspected. The pilot was the closest to the control tab so he was able to immediately fly the helicopter back to the gate.

However, the radio came on later and said that the approval request had been denied.

—Hunter number xxxxxx Jeon Jaehwang approval request has been denied.

The overbearing voice of the radio said.

—Is there a reason why it was disapproved?

Jaehwang asked in reply to him getting denied. He didn’t want to brag or anything but he thought for sure that he would have been approved since he was a level 6 hunter. There had to be a reason for that.

—I am Jeong YeongJoon, The Dark Knight’s clan master. We have enough support already but thank you for your request anyway.

He said before he immediately ended the call. Jaehwang then turned on the communication radio.

The Dark Knight clan... That was actually a clan that he knew very well. They were ranked as the second best clan in Korea. Jeong YeongJoon was a level 7 ranked hunter. He was just as powerful as GwanJae who was also level 7.

They weren’t even on good terms. What would be the outcome if the two of them went up against each other...

After thinking for some time Jaehwang asked the pilot, “We’re going back, right?”

“Yes.” The pilot said in reply to Jaehwang’s question. They could see a bright glowing light in Sejongsi from the distance.

Although his approval was rejected, it didn’t seem like a bad idea to go there anyway. If the Dark Knight clan was there, then they could just stop him. For a while, he was just in his head buried within his thoughts until the spirit spoke to him.

—There’s a monster.

She said and Jaehwang immediately looked down and became worried. He could see dozens of gigantic monsters that had two long horns on their heads. They were just like dinosaurs and they even had some scales on their backs.

“It’s a daku with horns”

Jaehwang’s facial expression slightly stiffened. Dakus with horns were considered as a fourth tier monster. They were definitely not an easy type of monster to deal with, not only were they giant but they also could jump well and run really fast.

Jaehwang watched and observed them from the helicopter window. The monster was running and then smashed a car that was on the ground. Luckily there didn’t seem to be any people inside it.

“Unbelievable...”

The car was completely shattered. Looks like someone was trying to hunt the monsters but they ended up escaping and exchanging their car for a better spot.

“Let’s go over there...” Jaehwang said, pointing towards a location on the ground. He could see where the people were taking shelter and he went towards it.

“Open the door please!” Jaehwang shouted.

The Dark Knight Clan, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 141: The Dark Knight Clan 2




“Open the door please!” Jaehwang shouted. The pilot then quickly went to open the door to let them him in.

“Open the door! It’s an emergency!” Jaehwang shouted for a second time. The pilot finally heard him and pressed the button to open the door. He quickly ran inside to get his weapon.

After getting his bow and arrow, Jaehwang ran back out of the helicopter and went outside to shoot his arrows at those monsters.

‘Exploding arrow’

Pangg!

To test out the arrow, he aimed it at the destroyed car.

Swoosh... Pong!

The arrow managed to land at the front wheel and it summoned a huge explosion.

“Great.” Jaehwang was then ready to aim for the Daku monsters.

‘Guided Arrow, Tenfold.’

He then launched his arrows at the Daku monsters and the pilot watched it with a mix of fright and awe. It called up a few explosions as the arrows flew through the wind. Jaehwang then aimed for a tree branch for a different technique. He did his best to calculate the arrows and their trajectory to avoid any damage to the helicopter that was near the scene.

However, he looked down on the ground and even he didn’t know about it anymore. There were so many monsters all over the place. He couldn’t just shoot straight due to other cars that were around and still in shape. Obviously he couldn’t just destroy them so he had to be careful with his attacks.

“We’re going to have to think of something else!”

“Okay!” The pilot said in reply as he unknowingly held on tight to the helicopter’s control wheel.

Pong pong pong!!!

Although he was wearing earplugs, the sound of his arrows still rang his ears. But even so, the pilot chose to stay inside the helicopter since as everything was far too dangerous for him.

Soon, the explosions had stopped and the helicopter door then opened.

“You did well,” the pilot said.

“Thanks.” Jaehwang replied. His breath was heavy and sweat was dripping from his face. He then looked down towards the ground from the helicopter with a surprised look written all over him.

The entire earth below them has been wrecked apart from the huge clouds of dust that covered the entire vicinity. The pilot looked at it in disbelief and then asked,

“Did you use a cannon or something?”

Jaehwang then laughed and replied, “Something like that.”

The pilot then continued to look at the site below in shock. The moment they opened the helicopter door, the cannon-like smoke spread through it.

For the first shot, he aimed for the monsters legs to stop them from running and on the last shot, he finished them off with the exploding arrow shower. It allowed him to attack them all at once.

“It was just an arrow. Don’t worry.”

“Huh?” The pilot replied in shock and then, Jaehwang’s phone rang. Jaehwang answered his phone and suddenly, someone immediately yelled at him.

—Hey! What the heck is going on?! I don’t know who you were but are you the one who just finished that raid? Would you like to join for a meal so we can talk?

Jaehwang was confused since he had no idea who it was. He didn’t give his reply for the first few seconds but that person started to talk once again.

“Hm...” He thought that maybe it could have been someone from one of the cars that was on the scene of the raid.

—What’s your name?... Why aren’t you answering?

Jaehwang stayed silent for the first few minutes of the call. He was still confused and he didn’t really know what to say. He wasn’t even sure how they got his number so with that, Jaehwang just ended the call.

—I’m hanging up now. I’ll be waiting for you at the scheduled destination.

He said coldly and hung up the phone.

“Open the door again, please.” Jaehwang said, the pilot then opened the door and Jaehwang enjoyed the cool breeze.

Takk...

He practiced shooting a few harmless arrows outside of the helicopter’s door. They were flying quite high but Jaehwang wasn’t scared for a second.

—Need some help?

The spirit asked. If it wasn’t for her, then Jaehwang would be extremely limited in his skills but, he refused her offer.

—It’s fine, I’m just gonna practice a little.

-Okay.

She replied and went back to rest while Jaehwang went on and practiced.

‘Exploding arrow’

Pong!

The cannon-like arrow and the unique arrow flew with red light trailing behind them as they reached ground. It flew down 100 meters from the helicopter in the air and Jaehwang blankly watched them as they fell to the ground.

Deukdeuk

The helicopter shortly landed at their next destination.

“We’re here,” Jaehwang said.

“...”

“This is where we’ll meet the person who was on the phone.” He said, a hunter who was sitting in the place then walked up to him.

“Hey...”

“Who are you?” Jaehwang said right before the guy could finish his sentence.

The guy that walked up to him then seemed to be very nervous. “I-It’s me.”

A quite young-looking hunter from the back said raising his hand. He calmly walked up to Jaehwang and said,

“I am Kim SeongJoon, a member of the Dark Knight clan. You have been accused of breaking a hunter law by joining that raid.”

Jaehwang just faintly looked at him without saying a word. He could see a drone flying through the air above them. They must have used that to get some proof of him breaking the hunter law.

It wasn’t even a major law. However, although Jaehwang was a powerful hunter, they were ranked as the second best clan in Korea so chances are their word would be sure to be taken seriously. Although now that the Daehyeon clan wasn’t doing so well, they were basically number one.

Kwang!

Suddenly, he slapped Jaehwang in the face out of nowhere.

“Follow the law!” SeongJoon shouted at him.

Kwang!

He then punched him the face. His blood streamed down on his cheeks, nose and mouth. He was already too weak to fight back.

“We’re the best clan there is! We don’t need your help!” He shouted again.

Instantly Jaehwang began to shoot his arrows. Everyone in the place ducked their heads to avoid it although Jaehwang wasn’t aiming for them. Just as he was about to launch an arrow he noticed the drone again and knew that he would be in even more trouble if he was caught breaking the hunter law. But that didn’t stop him, he had an idea on how to destroy that drone.

“You were trying to use this as an evidence against me, huh?” Jaehwang asked.

He was right. On that drone was a recording of him on that raid. They staged the entire raid just to use it against him, knowing he would break the hunter law by going through the gate although he was denied of their approval. It was all a set up.

Obviously it wasn’t a bad plan but they did even bother to worry about the people who weren’t able to take shelter during the attack. They risked all those peoples’ lives just to get evidence to ruin his image.

The Dark Knight Clan 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 142: Fatal




This was the main reason why they enforced a moral conscience to the hunters in the country. It was hard to get the hunters to follow the rules.

Jaehwang was holding the broken drone in his hand and it made the atmosphere pungent. Suddenly, they heard a voice through their headset. It was a command by the officials from the control tower.

—Thirty Daku monsters has appeared! There’s even 210 of them three kilometers away! We need an armed hunter!

Everyone in the room began to worry after they heard the news. They could easily protect themselves from 10 monsters but 30 was much more dangerous but, they couldn’t ignore a request from the control tower.

However, the biggest problem was that they were currently keeping a level 6 hunter hostage.

One female hunter then said to him, “You have to help us!”

“Y-Yes, that’s right. You have to help us fight the monsters!” Two of the others hunters insisted. Everyone was afraid and would rather let him help them than keep hostage.

But, Jaehwang’s expression didn’t change at all. Not after the alert or after they pleaded for help. He then reached out his hand toward the female hunter and said, “Take it out.”

“W-What are you talking about?”

“The headset.” Jaehwang said and she handed her headset over to him. He then turned it on and spoke into it.

—Hunter number xxxxxx Jeon Jaehwang, level 6. I would like to inform that I will be independently taking charge of missions from this hour onwards. .

—Hm.. Ah!

Without even hearing for the answer from the control tower, Jaehwang gave the headset back to the female hunter. He was entirely in charge of an intense mission. Not even Jaehwang could ever expect that but he knew that he was ready for it. The Dark Knight’s clan master was a level 7 hunter to he should also be of good help on the mission.

He then began to think about the plan for the mission that he was about to lead in just a matter of seconds.

Also, he would be able to practice using his newest skills on the mission so for him, it was like killing two birds with one stone.

—Spirit?

—What is it?

—Can you find all the monsters in the area?

—Of course!

She happily replied.

The spirit then flew up into the sky and searched in all directions, finding where all the monsters were. Because her and Jaehwang were connected, he could see what she was seeing so with her help, it was easier for him to hunt them down.

“There’s a lot of them. No one has a chance of escaping.” Jaehwang then readied his weapons.

‘Guided and Exploding arrow!’

Swooosh! Pang! Swoosh! Pang!

After shooting one arrow, he immediately launched two more arrows after them.

He could his energy running through him. The arrows flew at light speed through the air like missiles.

One of the other hunters then approached Jaehwang and handed him the headset.

—Good job, everything is going great! We’re going to send some backup to help you out!

Shouted someone from the control tower. The happy tone had changed into the voice of Jeong YeongJoon who clearly did sound too happy.

—What’s going on! He’s causing a complete wreckage! The Dark Knight clan would have handled this on our own!

He said but Jaehwang just laughed it off.

“Can you guys take it from here?” Jaehwang asked the other hunters.

“Uhhh...” They all took a few steps back and clearly, Jaehwang had the answer to his question.

Pang!

Jaehwang continued on with his attacks..

Swoosh...

“They’re dying, you’re doing great!” one of the hunters shouted.

“Awesome!”

All of the hunters then cheered with joy.

Pang!

He began to finish off the remaining monsters.

Kwang kwang!

Soon, there was only one more left. He gathered up all of his remaining strength and continued to stay completely focused. The monster was quite strong with a high endurance level but Jaehwang knew he could finish it off. However, when the time came, he couldn’t go on with the last attack. His arm was suddenly covered in so much pain.

He switched his bow and arrow to the other arm and finished it off with his last attack.

Pong!

The monster then collapsed to the ground.

Unfortunately one of the other hunters helping him had gotten injured, causing his leg to excessively bleed.

A female healer quickly rushed to his side to heal him. She then had a confused look on her face. She could heal his leg quickly but, his ankle was so badly injured that it was too complicated for her to heal. It was impossible to heal him, not with the technology and the skills that they had. It was going to take her awhile to at least try or he would have to spend at least three days in the hospital. That was a lot of time for someone who they needed on their missions.

“I don’t know if I can heal you completely.” She told him with a disappointing tone in her voice.

After examining the wound, she saw that one of Jaehwang arrows must’ve hit him by accident.

“His pain tolerance must be high.”

“Of course it is, he’s a level 6 hunter.”

“Us on the other hand are risking our lives on this raid!” One of the other hunters complained. Jaehwang took a look back at them and they all immediately stopped talking. What they said was true.

They then heard an emergency alert through their headsets.

—Another outbreak has occurred! There’s been an alert at gate 5! An outbreak of even stronger Dakus has occurred! Quickly get going to the North-east direction! There’s about 20 of them there! We are sending a plane for everyone to take.

Everyone’s face turned pale in fright after the control tower update was finished. Another outbreak, more Dakus and the fact the they were even more stronger, bigger and faster than the last terrified them to their bones.

But, it was their job. They all got onto an airplane sent by the control tower officials. The airplane soon took off and they found themselves flying in no time.

“There were no exact instructions sent by the control tower officials.” Said one of the hunters in the clan.

‘This is going to be harder than usual...’ Jaehwang thought to himself.

He looked out of the window and saw the giant flying Daku monsters in the far distance. There were dozens of them. It looked as if they were flying slowly but he knew better.

“Keep it down over there.” Jaehwang said to the other hunters who were talking. He was concentrating to make a spear out of his arrows to use on those monsters.

Jjuujuuu

As he practiced, the red energy began to surround him starting from his feet until his entire body was engulfed in it. He used the energy to add strength to the spear that he was making. The light that it had was so bright, it caught the other hunters’ attention.

“Woww!” They exclaimed. It was something they’ve never seen before.

‘Unique arrow shower!’

Kwang kwang kwang!!

A dark smoke then surrounded him starting from his feet.

“Ahhh!” Everyone then got scared and started to scream.

Pong pong pong!!

The effects then reached the spears and they went flying at the speed of sound towards the monsters. The spears looked like lasers as they were still covered by a red energy.

“Explode.”

Pang!

Right after Jaehwang spoke, the spears exploded as they crashed into the monsters. They soon heard the roaring screams from the daku monsters from the far distance. His attack worked perfectly and some of the monsters fell from where they were.

However, there was of course, the leader of the Daku monsters. Their leader had a small wound even though he took his attacks head on.

Kwang!

Just when Jaehwang was starting to think that he was too strong and that it was going to be very challenging, the Daku leader fell after his second attack.

He followed through as it fell down and the hunters below scattered around to get out of its way.

Jaehwang watched the monster fall in satisfaction as everything was going according to his plan. He got another arrow and placed it on the bow string to launch it at the Daku leader.

‘Exploding Arrow’

Pang!

There was a loud sonic boom and a red light began to surround the Daku leader after the arrow crashed into him.

Kwang!!

Jaehwang’s hands were moving like crazy as he continued to shoot the arrows and an impressive speed. The strength of his arrows were unbelievable.

The Daku leader’s eyes began to close and it was about to be completely defeated. It died a few moments later and the red glowing arrow inside of it disappeared.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

The monsters hit the ground, creating a gigantic impact. Jaehwang had defeated them completely at last and the others actually couldn’t believe what he just did..

Jaehwang then walked next to it and said, “Well, what should we do now?”

Everyone was silent as they were still in shock about what they just saw.

.....

Fatal, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 143: The Chaser 2




“Huh...”

A male patient wearing white clothes was walking down the hallway with a nurse.

The both of them were walking very slow and weak as if they were sleepwalking.

Dingg... Click... Click

They got onto the elevator at the end of the hallway. The male patient was holding a sword in his hand as he looked around before the elevator door closed.

Someone then suddenly walked up to the patient in the elevator.

He walked up to him with fast steps as if he was about to attack the patient.

They went up to the tenth floor of the hospital building and it was filled with everyone from the hospital.

It was the director’s hospital building office.

The director was already gone as his shift was over. Joonghwi was sitting in his chair at his desk a few minutes ago but now Caroline was sitting there.

“Did you find it?”

“Not yet.”

“What’s taking you so long?”

“I will find him soon, I promise.”

“Alright.”

She turned the chair back towards and desk and looked around. She picked up a sword on the desk and handed it to him.

“This one won’t break so easily.”

“It works really great.”

“I approve. Ever since you were young you had a relatively low conscious barrier so I expected you to fail us. I think this is a weapon purposely made for a level 7 hunter... If we carefully go through things like the first time then we’ll surely be the winners here.”

“Do we have a backup plan?”

“Yes. Everything for that is currently being arranged. We’ll find him for sure.”

“Good. Well, is that everything?”

“Yes, that’s all...”

“Okay.”

He said with a bit of a surprised look on his face. She gave him the special sword to use especially for finding him. The sword was so powerful that even a level 7 hunter was no match for it.

The sword had a mind of its own. However, it could not refuse orders.

Before he left the office Caroline stood up from her seat and began to speak to the sword in her hand. It was covered in red energy.

“We wish for you to stay on our side and keep our people of the hospital safe.”

Swoosh

The sword grew covered in even more energy.

“We hope that you will help him and give him confidence until the end.”

Deuk...

The energy from the sword was overflowing with power.

“Give him power.”

Wooshhh

A sick patient then slowly walked down the hallway. Jaehwang’s eyes were red and he suddenly stopped in his place.

Everyone were walking down the hallway like zombies. Jaehwang then scratched his head as he was confused and asked,

-What is going on here?

-They’re reinforcing a spell. It’s weird.

The spirit replied.

-What kind of spell?

-It has a very simple structure but one top of that there’s a mix of energy. It looks like they kept researching preexisting spells from decades ago and just upgraded them. They’re starting!

Everyone in the office then stood completely still and quiet.

Then...

“Ahhhhh!”

They all looked at each other then randomly attacked each other.

Up until then it seemed just like a gather but it now no longer felt that way.

They fought as if each other had became the enemy. However, they soon heard chaos coming from the hospital hallway.

Kwang Kwang! Kwang!

A hunter was then standing in the entrance.

“Ahhhh!!!”

Everyone screamed and ducked their heads. Someone from the room then extended her hands towards the entrance and set the guy on fire with electronic energy.

-This is really all over the place. Do you have any ideas?

-Something difficult and fast or something easy and slow?

-Something difficult and fast.

-That person could die.

-Oh well.

Jaehwang replied.

-You’re not joking? Are you sure you don’t want to do it a different way?

-I got this.

-How many?

-Six for a small place but twelve for a bigger place.

-That’s a lot.

-I could give you a menu of a few suggestions.

-Well...

Jaehwang replied while still deciding.

The place was filled with traps from the enemy. Although Jaehwang much rather prepared to fight without much planning he had to think of the perfect strategy this time.

However, he knew that no matter how much he planned he had no idea what would happen to those in the hospital.

-Let’s just do it my way. In the meantime, can you scan them to see what’s going on?

-Okay.

Whoosh!

Pang pang pang!!

Jaehwang began shooting arrows. Red energy was flying up like fireworks. With the help of strength from the spirit his arrows were much stronger. Everyone in the office room were running around and screaming in fear.

Arrows were flying everywhere. There was nowhere to hide.

-Scan finished!

-Thanks!

Jaehwang’s eyes were glowing. He aimed for a red point.

He began to pull back the arrow string preparing to launch.

“Carefully.”

The red energy formed into a glowing arrow.

It was the sight of the powerful skills of a true archer.

[Exploding Arrow Shower!]

Jiiiijiiiikkkk!!!

Dozens of arrows came falling from the sky like a waterfall made of red beams.

The shower of red beams covered every inch of the ground.

Seconds later the red beams flew towards the people who were standing in the hallway.

Pang pang pang!!!! Pang Pang!!!! Pang Pang Pang Pang!!!

“Ahhhh!!!”

There was no escaping them. There was no way to stop them. They were everywhere. The beams flew all the way down into the hospital.

Pang Pang Pang!!!

The people who were fighting were too late to escape the beams. Although it didn’t change its effect on the people, the beams disappeared after stabbing into someone.

-They’re dead.

-Are you sure they’re all dead?

The spirit asked. Jaehwang looked up and watched the last few arrows fall from the ceiling.

“Don’t you think so?”

Jaehwang asked.

“Try something else just to make sure.”

‘Moving Exploding arrow’

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

The arrows flew up into the air going through the ceiling. After they reached up into the deep sky they came flying back towards the ground faster and stronger than ever. But, the people in the hospital found a clever way to dodge them.

Kwang! Kwangg!!

The floor of the director’s office that was on the highest floor of the hospital building was completely shattered. Even the desk and the weapon on it was destroyed. The arrows were destroying every ceiling in the hospital.

“Wow”

The floor of the director’s office broke into three pieces but Caroline didn’t seem surprised at all and looked at the hospital’s ceiling in amazement.

Tak...

Jaehwang shot an arrow through the hole in the ceiling.

JakkJakJak

“Of course, it’s that level 7 hunter. Great!”

Caroline clapped her hands as if that really was happy news.

“He’s more powerful than I thought.”

“Definitely. I still have a lot to do to get ready.”

“Hmm.”

Caroline said thinking.

“This could be fun.”

She definitely a powerful person. When he met Dongchul for the first time again in the Alousu he could feel that he was exploding in anger.

“Well, it looks fun but it’s very disappointing.”

“Yea.”

Caroline then handed Jaehwang a short knife. There was small writing engraved at the end of it.

“Just as I said, you’re really powerful.”

She said.

Jiiijiiikkkk

The sword was overflowing with energy.

She then started to move her hands in a circular motion over the sword while mumbling a spell.

Jjiiijjjiiikkk!!

Her hand started to glow and the light started to surround Jaehwang. The light looked like fireflies flying around him.

“Okay, you’ve become a useless thing now.”

Caroline said and the firefly lights flying around Jaehwang with the intention of taking the weapon out of his hands, but nothing happened and the fireflies just went through his hand. Jaehwang tilted his head and asked her,

“Is that it?”

“It’ll take a while for the effects to kick in. That’s when you’ll regret it. But, it’ll be too late then.”

“It’ll be fun.”

“....”

It was the first time Jaehwang seen Caroline look so serious.

“I wanted it to be harmless but now I have no choice.”

Jaehwang smiled at her boastful talking.

“I never thought you would make it this far. Even though I won’t fight back I can still call for backup, right?”

“What? You have to be joking, haha.”

Caroline replied with a laugh.

A level 7 hunter mentioning having no choice but to call for backup. Looks like he couldn’t play his cards right this time. There weren’t any communication devices for him to use anyway.

“Who are you going to call? Haha... I think you’re too overconfident...”

-What should we do?

-I don’t know.

At first Jaehwang couldn’t think of a way to request for backup.

But, he was rather thankful than worried.

-I’ll use one of the new arrows.

-Okay.

Jaehwang decided to go the simple way.

Teuk

Swoosh

The arrow flew through the air.

Caroline then itched her head and said,

“Are you done talking nonsense now?”

“Not yet.”

Jaehwang replied.

Red energy light then began to surround him again.

Jjjiijjjiiiikk....

Swoooshhh... Swooshh.... Swoooshhh!

The Chaser 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 144: Samjeon Church Members and the Oaks




Jaehwang put down his bow and arrow and decided to call it a day after so much practice.

“Gosh, seriously!” He couldn’t practice at all because of all the noise that the spirit was making while watching TV on the tablet.

‘I guess I’ll just go somewhere else.’ Jaehwang decided to give up on and just practice archery somewhere else. He was trying to strengthen his muscles.

Shortly, he found a new spot close by but far away enough for him to have peace and quiet. He could shoot dozens of arrows at once and the amount of strength required helped him improve his muscles a lot.

‘I think I’m really starting to get the hang of this...’

“Looks like the membership has run out.” The spirit said suddenly appearing next to him with the tablet.

“Huh?”

“The membership points”

“Didn’t I buy you some yesterday?”

“I used them all.” He saw on the tablet screen that she was about to make a payment of 50 dollars.

“Fine,” Jaehwang said and pressed the button to proceed with the payment. After the payment went through, it added up to a total of 100 dollars.

“Why is it so much?”

“These will last longer than the last ones...” The spirit replied.

Jaehwang decided to not make a big deal about it since she have helped him a lot..

“Thanks.” She said, before she went back to watch dramas on her tablet.

‘Focus... Focus...’

“This too!” The spirit said, coming back again and handing him the tablet, ruining his concentration once again.

“What is this?”

“It needs an adult confirmation.”

“....”

“Hurry! It’s important!”

“Fine.” He filled out the adult confirmation form and handed her the tablet.

“Thanks!” She replied.

The drama was rated for 19+ ages only so it required his confirmation. He immediately set his mind onto training but he couldn’t concentrate at all because he could hear the spirit laughing and giggling at the show that she was watching.

“What are you watching?” Jaehwang tried to ask her about it but she didn’t give him her attention. He then noticed sweat dripping from his face.

“It’s so hot today,” he said as he wiped the sweat away from his forehead.

Jaehwang tried to get his focus together over and over again but he couldn’t concentrate because of her. He could barely hear the sound of her laugh but it was enough to distract him. He couldn’t stop thinking about her.

‘She was very pretty...’

“No...” Jaehwang got a hold of himself and opened his status window to check his progress.

-Advanced Archer Skills (Unique Skill)

Possessor: Jeon Jaehwang

Effects

Strength Vitalization – Improvement in all areas of strength

Energy capacity: 500-370

His strength was improving well and everything seemed to be better.

For the first time a while, he was finally happy that he was improving like he wanted to. But he knew he could do even better.

Name: Jeon Jaehwang, Rank B, 10/4 level, 2,500,000/1,023,500exp

Strength: 15 (+20 percent) – > 18

Speed: 18 (+20 percent) – > 21.6

Stamina: 14 (+20 percent) – > 16.8

Sense: 13 (+20 percent) – > 15.6

Conscious: 15 (+20 percent) – > 18

He was improving in all of his areas.

‘This is great news.’

Although 20 percent wasn’t too impressive, it was still an improvement that he was proud of and he wasn’t going to take it for granted. The most important thing that he had to note was to change his shooting technique.

A surprise attack had become the basis of all his attacks. Therefore, he had been looking for a new technique since the raid a few days ago. He was practicing non stop to reach his goal.

‘I have to keep going.’

After checking his progress he immediately got back to focusing on practice. He wanted his body to quickly adapt to his new technique. He already mastered the basics of all of his skills but he was aiming for more. Jaehwang continued to become impatient as he rushed to learn everything he could.

“Wheu...”

Swooshhh...

***

After finishing all of his training, he picked up a towel to wipe away all the sweat on his face before he checked his phone. Jaehwang’s phone was very small. He didn’t even have any social media apps on it. All he had was a hunter picture, National Hunter news and a search engine app.

He wasn’t into social media at all and he had always avoided it. But, he did have a few text messages.

“How annoying.” After his newly found popularity, he had gotten a ton of request for interviews but he refused them all as he continued to scroll through his phone.

“Seongbin seems to be doing well,” he said as he read a message from her.

They’ve gotten really close to each other after that raid. Ever since then, they kept in touch with each other. With Jaehwang’s help, she was able to get her first major upgrade. Before, it was difficult for her since she wasn’t in a good condition but now, she was able to get the help and the support she needed to be better than ever. .

After reading her message, he read another and he looked shocked.

“Huh?”

[We hope you will return this message to Park JangJoon in Justin Point ]

Immediately after checking the message, Jaehwang began to run as fast as he could. Park Joon was the leader of the team he was on when he was on duty in Justin Point. The message alerted him that JangJoon had been admitted into the hospital. Jaehwang quickly changed out of his training clothes and went on his way as fast as he could.

***

Click

He opened the door to Park Joon’s hospital room and saw him lying down on the hospital bed.

“Park Joon.”

Jaehwang reached the hospital after running without stopping or slowing down. He saw that Park Joon looked so exhausted.

“What happened?” Jaehwang asked.

It’s been a year since Jaehwang’s fight with the Oaks in Justin Point. Honestly, he had given up on them. There wasn’t anything else he could do to stop it. He did all he could but he still felt absolutely terrible.

“There was an explosion and not many people were able to survive or make it out without any injuries. Even the military bus got completely destroyed but... The Oaks were also swept away by the explosion. Although the Oaks were gone, Justin Point was left in a terrible and unsafe condition so everyone had to escape and take shelter. Isn’t our luck the best?”

The room turned silent as Jaehwang was speechless over his terrible news.

“Did the others escape with you too?” Jaehwang asked. Park Joon then shook his head and replied,

“Unfortunately not, I escaped alone. They were with others. I haven’t been able to contact them since...”

“What?”

“Lots of people died. About 50 of our own members died.”

“....”

“Can you step out for a minute.”

“Okay.” Jaehwang and Park Joon then left the hospital room. They then went outside of the hospital building and talked. He told him all about the Justin Point’s evacuation and everything that happened from that day forward since Jaehwang left.

“What about Samjeon’s church followers?”

It had been a long time since he even thought about them. They weren’t anything nice to think about anyways.

“They had to escape too,” Park Joon replied.

The more Jaehwang thought about everything he just heard the more angrier he felt.

“I just don’t understand. If I could just catch one of the Samjeon church members that escaped that time, then I could find out more about this.”

Samjeon Church Members and the Oaks, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 145: Samjeon Church Members and the Oaks 2




“What do you mean?”

“It’s simple, it’s actually kinda funny.”

“Funny?”

“Exactly. All of them including the Samjeon church followers were not as powerful as they seem,” Joonghwi said as he handed him a monster’s tooth that he was holding in his hand. It was something very special and it had the shape of a small cross.

“Isn’t it funny?”

“It is,” Jaehwang replied as soon as he received it.

He began to wonder about the Oaks since it seems that he didn’t know much about them. He continued to look through its center and he soon noticed that it was actually made up of three whole teeth meshed together.

Interpreting the Oaks’ language was difficult so it was impossible to know what the teeth meant but, he soon noticed the sketchy symbol that it had.

‘The god’s eye’

That had to be something that the Samjeon church followers left behind. Jaehwang took a closer look at the gift in his hand and he realized the number of Oaks that died by his hand. This looked like something that they would use right before they die.

“They are working together. The Oaks even approved of this.”

The Samjeon church members combined the Oaks’ faith with their religious dogma.

“Their religion really does come in handy.”

“What they wrote on their religious dogma was the same as the rings that they wore on their noses or ears.”

Jaehwang examined the cross. They were weaker but they were much smarter compared to the Bileons in the Alousu.

“Do you think that the humans were just as cruel to the Oaks at some point?”

“Actually, that could be true. Because of Samjeon church, the Oaks’ civilization was able to accelerate. It seems that the Oaks had to relearn a lot of modern-day skills but their territory soon became polluted with the members of the Samjeon church. Although the Oaks weren’t stronger, they were much smarter than them.”

“I see.”

If all of this was the fault of the Oaks, then he had to hurry and find them right away. He was not going to spare even just one of them. He then remembered that he had to continue his training to be able to conquer his goal.

Knock knock

There was a knock at their door and a woman then walked in.

“You have a visitor.”

A lady then followed, wearing a long violet coat. She looked to be in her early twenties. She had white skin, a high nose, deep blue eyes, and a slim face and body. She had two bodyguards behind her.

“Caroline,” Joonghwi said. “Jaehwang, this is Caroline. She is the captain of the ‘Avengers’ hunter team. I survived because of her. Caroline this is...”

“Ah, I know who this is. I’ve been hearing a lot about you these days.” Caroline said as she reached her hand towards Jaehwang to greet him. “You’re ‘Fatal’.”

“You can call me Jaehwang, please.” Jaehwang said as he shook her hand, he hated hearing the name ‘Fatal’. Caroline was supposed to be a foreigner but the way she spoke their language was perfect.

“Who’s Fatal?” Joonghwi asked. It’s been a long time since they last saw each other in the Alousu. He had no idea what Jaehwang was currently up to.

“By the way, can you sign this...” Caroline nervously asked, handing Jaehwang a piece of paper. Jaehwang then took the paper and signed it. She asked for his autograph and Joonghwi just watched them in a complete shock.

“Alright.” Jaehwang quickly signed the paper and gave it back to her as she held up a wide smile on her face.

“Thank you so much. I wanted to ask for a picture but would that be too much?”

“Yes.”

“It’s okay. I’m just so happy that I got to meet you, a level seven hunter.”

“Level 7?!” Joonghwi said in shock. “I thought you were still level 6?”

“What are you talking about? He’s level seven,” Caroline replied.

“Thank you so much again, I really appreciate it.” She said as she hugged the paper tight with a beaming smile on her face. They then heard a loud noise from the outside of their room.

“Leave me alone!”

“Just calmly move aside, please. This place is inaccessible to others.”

“I’m going to tell the public about this. If you touch me one more time, I’m going to report you!”

“This is all being recorded by a surveillance cam!”

“Security!”

“Someone help me!”

They could hear her screaming from all down the hallway. It was a reporter and she was probably there to find Jaehwang. Reporters like them were the exact reason why he even hated to go out in public.

“There’s something I’ve been wondering about. Are hunters now affiliated to groups? Or do they go by on their own?”

“They do... ”

“Hmm,” Caroline said as she scratched her head. “Actually, I came here shortly after the Samjeon church members attacked. But don’t worry, this hospital is protected by our team as well as the other powerful clans that are working with us.”

“Thank you. I was too nervous to say it before but, we can’t trust the Korean army right now,” Joonghwi said.

“It’s okay, I understand. The Samjeon church members and those in power in Korea unexpectedly are tied by a very close relationship. I live in America so Joonghwi’s advice is important. With Joonghwi’s advice and Jaehwang, we can come up with a plan to take back Justin Point.”

“Good point.”

“I have a question,” Jaehwang said.

“What is it?” Caroline replied as she asked her bodyguards to leave the room.

“Is it okay if he would stay here for a few days?”

“Huh?”

“Joonghwi is in a terrible condition right now and I’m afraid that this could be too dangerous for him. It would be safer for him to stay here for now.”

“Do you really think we should do that right now?” Joonghwi shouted.

“Yes. I think this is the best option for you to not sustain more injuries.”

“I’m sorry,” Joonghwi replied. Although he knew it was dangerous, he didn’t want to just sit back while everyone else handles it.

“I’ll make sure to get everything we’ll need,” Caroline said.

“Shouldn’t we also request for backup?” Jaehwang asked, however, Caroline nodded her head and replied,

“That would be the best strategy but I think for this plan, it’ll be best for us to hunt down the Samjeon church members on our own.”

“Then what should we use as bait?” Jaehwang asked.

“You.”

“If you agree. With skills like yours, you can surely do it, right?” Joonghwi asked and Jaehwang nodded his head.

He agreed to the plan. He was prepared for anything and besides, he was in a rush to look for the remaining survivors of the clan he joined in when he was in the Alousu.

“Great.”

That night, Jaehwang stayed at the hospital with Joonghwi and Caroline gave him a toothbrush and towel before she left.

“Wow, this is great. I love this dark color.” Joonghwi said, pointing about the tablet Caroline had given him. Neither Joonghwi or Jaehwang had nothing to do with the tablet but they still appreciated the thought.

“Your really popular now. Even someone like Caroline is a fan of you...”

“I don’t care for any of it at all.”

“What” Did you see her? You’re not interested at all?”

“Not interested.”

“Wow. remember when Mingyeon would always glance at you...” Joonghwi said, thinking of the old days when they were all in a clan together. It wasn’t just Mingyeon who seemed interested in Jaehwang, all the girls in the clan were clearly into him as well. Despite that, Jaehwang didn’t care at any of it.

“Stop talking about unnecessary things. There’s something I need to ask you.” Jaehwang said, staring out of the window.

“What is it?”

“Do you trust Caroline?” Jaehwang asked and Joonghw then tilted his head and replied,

“Why do you ask? Does she seem weird?”

“She doesn’t,” Jaehwang simply replied.

“Why would you ask that question if she doesn’t seem suspicious at all.”

“I just wanted to be sure,” Jaehwang replied.

The sun went down and soon, it was 9 PM. Jaehwang turned off the lights and lied down on the guest bed on the side of the hospital room. Later that night, Joonghwi opened his eyes as he woke up. Not knowing what time it was, he noticed that Jaehwang’s eyes weren’t even closed and he was just staring blankly at the ceiling in the darkness. Joonghwi tried to think about what he was doing but he soon gave up and went back to sleep.

“Should I be concerned about him?”

Samjeon Church Members and the Oaks 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 146: The Chaser




[Flashback]

“Jaehwang! Wake up!” Someone shouted until Jaehwang finally woke up. “It’s 1 PM!”

“Yesterday’s raid ended at 4AM!” Jaehwang quickly got up out of bed.

“Let’s hurry up and eat!”

“We don’t have time!”

“Your father said that I should make sure that you would have your meals!”

“Fine!” Joonghwi said in agreement before he heard a shout.

“Do you know what you’re going to wear?!” She shouted.

“Uhh, how about these?”

“It doesn’t matter what it is, as long as its something. Hurry up and eat. Your father is coming.”

“Alright.” Jaehwang then left the room to wash up.

He looked around the room he was in and it felt very familiar. The bed was on the right and next to it was a shelf with a laptop on top of it. He saw a hanger next to the desk with his clan uniform and on the floor beneath it lies pair of socks.

On the opposite side of the room, there was a few weapons and hunter equipment hanging on the wall. Jaehwang stretched and then picked up something to wear before he decided to go out.

“I’m going to wash up quickly and then eat.”

“Okay.” Jaehwang then went into the bathroom and began washing up. A few minutes later, the door opened and a tall muscular guy walked in. He walked up to Jaehwang and just punched him in the face.

“Ahhhh! I’m being assassinated!”

“This is not an assassination!”

“When you become a hunter, you’re going to have to train more diligently! You don’t want to end up like your ancestors, right?”

Not a single word left Jaehwang’s mouth.

“Hunters have to be good at a fist fight so they could hunt monsters and level up faster. That’s what training teaches you. Training...”

“You’re always talking about training... Dad!” Jaehwang shouted.

“What!”

“I need a raise on my allowance,” Jaehwang demanded and his father then replied,

“Wow, you’re so shameless.”

“I learn everything from you...”

“Of course,” his dad said proudly.

“Fine, I’ll give you a ten percent raise.”

“Deal.” Jaehwang then smiled as his dad left the room.

***

“Wow, this Soybean Paste Stew is delicious.” Jaehwang said. Their entire family were all sitting at the table eating breakfast.

“Don’t you eat delicious food like this every day?”

“But isn’t this good?”

“It is pretty good...”

“Can we talk for a moment?” Jaehwang’s mom turned her head towards him.

“About what?” Jaehwang replied.

“How are things between you and Sooji these days?”

“Why?”

“I was just wondering. You’re getting older but you and Sooji are still so young...”

Jaehwang’s mom then carefully asked, “Is she on birth control?”

“...”

“Yeah...”

“Good. ever since you and Sooji started dating in middle school, I’ve been a little worried.”

Jaehwang then finished up eating and left the table.

Now that everyone was done, Jaehwang talked with a friend on the phone while his parents prepared to go out. His mother was washing the dishes so he went to her side to ask her a question.

“Where are you two going?”

“Your grandparents house,” his mother replied.

“Don’t ask if you can go out to meet Dongchul, you have to stay home. We have a family meeting to go to tonight.”

“Okay.” Jaehwang hated it every time he heard that they were having a family meeting.

“Remember what I said. We’ll be back soon.”

“Bye.”

“Alright, bye.”

They said their goodbyes and his parents then finally left. A few minutes later he picked up the phone and made a call.

—Hello?

—....

—Hello?

—Are you okay?

The voice was strange but it sounded a little familiar. It’s just been so long since he heard it.

—I’m fine.

—When will you be here?

—Uhhmm

She asked and Jaehwang then took a deep breath.

—I’ll see you soon.

—What an awful spell...

The spirit said and Jaehwang shook his head. It was a terrible and cruel spell. He’s actually been thinking about it since he woke up this morning. It didn’t just look dangerous, he couldn’t even move.

Maybe if he didn’t wake up from that dream, his parents’ accident would have never happened.

—Do you know anything about it?

—Yes. It’s a very old spell.

—I see

Just as he expected. Jaehwang knew that the Daehyeon clan and the Japanese clan had something to do with it. The most important thing was that the spell didn’t affect him for so long.

—Its effects will be stuck inside of you. It’ll make your body into a puppet so they could control everything that you would do.

The spirit said.

Finally, his ancestors were aware of his existence. If the media was to know, then the entire situation would be broadcasted everywhere.

Joonghwi’s condition was doing a little better than the previous day and he looked more calm and relaxed.

—You seem to be more motivated than before.

Jaehwang could feel that his ancestors were watching over him. He needed to get some information so that he could find the leader of the Japanese clan. Although it was going to be quite difficult, he was sure that he could do it.

First, he had to escape the media so he could completely focus on finding them all in person. He was ready to end his ancestor terrible fate.

—How long are you going to be here?

—Just 10 minutes.

—Well, that’s pretty quick.

—I have to move fast. I need to look around here and see if there were any notes here that could help us out.

—Alright.

A few minutes later, Jaehwang then realized something.

—What kind of greeting was that? Were they outside?

—Looks like you try going out there yourself.

—I guess I could try.

Jaehwang said. He then gathered all the energy inside of him.

Whooosh! Pang!

The window was then shattered to pieces. Shortly after that, a dark shadow covered Jaehwang and suddenly, he found himself in the bed where he was tucked in.

He was covered by the darkness but his keen eyes were able to see just enough.

***

Caroline was standing there with a bright smile on her face.

“Oh my goodness, it’s broken. What happened?”

“....”

“Hmm. When did this happen...”

Swoosh! Pang!

Kwang!!!

An arrow flew from Jaehwang’s direction and went into Caroline’s heart. The arrow went through her, ripping her flesh until it crashed into the nearby wall. Caroline then looked at where the arrow stabbed her and just shrugged her shoulders. “I guess this isn’t a good time. I’ll see you later...”

“This is just a joke, right?”

“Correct. However, if you believe in it hard enough, it could become reality.” Caroline didn’t even drop her smile.

Joonghwi then slowly got up and out of bed. “Huh...”

An arrow was stabbed into his arm but he didn’t seem to feel any pain or notice it at all. Joonghwi looked around the room and eyes stopped in Jaehwang’s direction.

Kwang! Jiiijjiiik!

Joonghwi then rushed towards the side of Jaehwang’s bed, aiming to punch him in the face.

Pong!

However, an arrow was faster than his fist.

Swoosh! Pong!

Joonghwi then found himself hanging on the wall with an arrow buried deep inside his head. He just hung there silently without any signs of pain.

“That was so ruthless, aren’t you two close friends”

“I won’t answer that.”

“I see. Is this what you actually think of him? I’m suddenly very interested to know more about you.”

“There’s something I want to ask you,” Jaehwang said to Caroline.

“What is it?”

Jaehwang’s body began to slowly sink into the darkness. “Now you can’t escape as well... Are you going to regret this?”

Caroline then also began to disappear.

“I don’t care even if I escape. I will still continue to struggle.”

The Chaser, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 147: The Chaser 2




“Huh...”

A male patient wearing white clothes was walking down the hallway with a nurse.

The both of them were walking very slow and weak as if they were sleepwalking.

Dingg... Click... Click

They got onto the elevator at the end of the hallway. The male patient was holding a sword in his hand as he looked around before the elevator door closed.

Someone then suddenly walked up to the patient in the elevator.

He walked up to him with fast steps as if he was about to attack the patient.

They went up to the tenth floor of the hospital building and it was filled with everyone from the hospital.

It was the director’s hospital building office.

The director was already gone as his shift was over. Joonghwi was sitting in his chair at his desk a few minutes ago but now Caroline was sitting there.

“Did you find it?”

“Not yet.”

“What’s taking you so long?”

“I will find him soon, I promise.”

“Alright.”

She turned the chair back towards and desk and looked around. She picked up a sword on the desk and handed it to him.

“This one won’t break so easily.”

“It works really great.”

“I approve. Ever since you were young you had a relatively low conscious barrier so I expected you to fail us. I think this is a weapon purposely made for a level 7 hunter... If we carefully go through things like the first time then we’ll surely be the winners here.”

“Do we have a backup plan?”

“Yes. Everything for that is currently being arranged. We’ll find him for sure.”

“Good. Well, is that everything?”

“Yes, that’s all...”

“Okay.”

He said with a bit of a surprised look on his face. She gave him the special sword to use especially for finding him. The sword was so powerful that even a level 7 hunter was no match for it.

The sword had a mind of its own. However, it could not refuse orders.

Before he left the office Caroline stood up from her seat and began to speak to the sword in her hand. It was covered in red energy.

“We wish for you to stay on our side and keep our people of the hospital safe.”

Swoosh

The sword grew covered in even more energy.

“We hope that you will help him and give him confidence until the end.”

Deuk...

The energy from the sword was overflowing with power.

“Give him power.”

Wooshhh

A sick patient then slowly walked down the hallway. Jaehwang’s eyes were red and he suddenly stopped in his place.

Everyone were walking down the hallway like zombies. Jaehwang then scratched his head as he was confused and asked,

-What is going on here?

-They’re reinforcing a spell. It’s weird.

The spirit replied.

-What kind of spell?

-It has a very simple structure but one top of that there’s a mix of energy. It looks like they kept researching preexisting spells from decades ago and just upgraded them. They’re starting!

Everyone in the office then stood completely still and quiet.

Then...

“Ahhhhh!”

They all looked at each other then randomly attacked each other.

Up until then it seemed just like a gather but it now no longer felt that way.

They fought as if each other had became the enemy. However, they soon heard chaos coming from the hospital hallway.

Kwang Kwang! Kwang!

A hunter was then standing in the entrance.

“Ahhhh!!!”

Everyone screamed and ducked their heads. Someone from the room then extended her hands towards the entrance and set the guy on fire with electronic energy.

-This is really all over the place. Do you have any ideas?

-Something difficult and fast or something easy and slow?

-Something difficult and fast.

-That person could die.

-Oh well.

Jaehwang replied.

-You’re not joking? Are you sure you don’t want to do it a different way?

-I got this.

-How many?

-Six for a small place but twelve for a bigger place.

-That’s a lot.

-I could give you a menu of a few suggestions.

-Well...

Jaehwang replied while still deciding.

The place was filled with traps from the enemy. Although Jaehwang much rather prepared to fight without much planning he had to think of the perfect strategy this time.

However, he knew that no matter how much he planned he had no idea what would happen to those in the hospital.

-Let’s just do it my way. In the meantime, can you scan them to see what’s going on?

-Okay.

Whoosh!

Pang pang pang!!

Jaehwang began shooting arrows. Red energy was flying up like fireworks. With the help of strength from the spirit his arrows were much stronger. Everyone in the office room were running around and screaming in fear.

Arrows were flying everywhere. There was nowhere to hide.

-Scan finished!

-Thanks!

Jaehwang’s eyes were glowing. He aimed for a red point.

He began to pull back the arrow string preparing to launch.

“Carefully.”

The red energy formed into a glowing arrow.

It was the sight of the powerful skills of a true archer.

[Exploding Arrow Shower!]

Jiiiijiiiikkkk!!!

Dozens of arrows came falling from the sky like a waterfall made of red beams.

The shower of red beams covered every inch of the ground.

Seconds later the red beams flew towards the people who were standing in the hallway.

Pang pang pang!!!! Pang Pang!!!! Pang Pang Pang Pang!!!

“Ahhhh!!!”

There was no escaping them. There was no way to stop them. They were everywhere. The beams flew all the way down into the hospital.

Pang Pang Pang!!!

The people who were fighting were too late to escape the beams. Although it didn’t change its effect on the people, the beams disappeared after stabbing into someone.

-They’re dead.

-Are you sure they’re all dead?

The spirit asked. Jaehwang looked up and watched the last few arrows fall from the ceiling.

“Don’t you think so?”

Jaehwang asked.

“Try something else just to make sure.”

‘Moving Exploding arrow’

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

The arrows flew up into the air going through the ceiling. After they reached up into the deep sky they came flying back towards the ground faster and stronger than ever. But, the people in the hospital found a clever way to dodge them.

Kwang! Kwangg!!

The floor of the director’s office that was on the highest floor of the hospital building was completely shattered. Even the desk and the weapon on it was destroyed. The arrows were destroying every ceiling in the hospital.

“Wow”

The floor of the director’s office broke into three pieces but Caroline didn’t seem surprised at all and looked at the hospital’s ceiling in amazement.

Tak...

Jaehwang shot an arrow through the hole in the ceiling.

JakkJakJak

“Of course, it’s that level 7 hunter. Great!”

Caroline clapped her hands as if that really was happy news.

“He’s more powerful than I thought.”

“Definitely. I still have a lot to do to get ready.”

“Hmm.”

Caroline said thinking.

“This could be fun.”

She definitely a powerful person. When he met Dongchul for the first time again in the Alousu he could feel that he was exploding in anger.

“Well, it looks fun but it’s very disappointing.”

“Yea.”

Caroline then handed Jaehwang a short knife. There was small writing engraved at the end of it.

“Just as I said, you’re really powerful.”

She said.

Jiiijiiikkkk

The sword was overflowing with energy.

She then started to move her hands in a circular motion over the sword while mumbling a spell.

Jjiiijjjiiikkk!!

Her hand started to glow and the light started to surround Jaehwang. The light looked like fireflies flying around him.

“Okay, you’ve become a useless thing now.”

Caroline said and the firefly lights flying around Jaehwang with the intention of taking the weapon out of his hands, but nothing happened and the fireflies just went through his hand. Jaehwang tilted his head and asked her,

“Is that it?”

“It’ll take a while for the effects to kick in. That’s when you’ll regret it. But, it’ll be too late then.”

“It’ll be fun.”

“....”

It was the first time Jaehwang seen Caroline look so serious.

“I wanted it to be harmless but now I have no choice.”

Jaehwang smiled at her boastful talking.

“I never thought you would make it this far. Even though I won’t fight back I can still call for backup, right?”

“What? You have to be joking, haha.”

Caroline replied with a laugh.

A level 7 hunter mentioning having no choice but to call for backup. Looks like he couldn’t play his cards right this time. There weren’t any communication devices for him to use anyway.

“Who are you going to call? Haha... I think you’re too overconfident...”

-What should we do?

-I don’t know.

At first Jaehwang couldn’t think of a way to request for backup.

But, he was rather thankful than worried.

-I’ll use one of the new arrows.

-Okay.

Jaehwang decided to go the simple way.

Teuk

Swoosh

The arrow flew through the air.

Caroline then itched her head and said,

“Are you done talking nonsense now?”

“Not yet.”

Jaehwang replied.

Red energy light then began to surround him again.

Jjjiijjjiiiikk....

Swoooshhh... Swooshh.... Swoooshhh!

The Chaser 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 148: Revealing the Truth




“Not yet.”

Just then a red light exploded all over the place.

Swooosh... Swooshh... Swoosh... Swoooshh!!

One... Two... Four... Eight... Ten... Twenty...

A trail of white light began to shine through out of Jaehwang towards up into the sky. The light reached up to the highest floor. It was the shape of a human.

They were wearing black leather armor with a matching black helmet. From their shoulders to their waist they were wearing an arrow holster filled with arrows as well as one in their right hand.

The person was wearing a hood and a long cape that blew in the wind. He lined up behind him along with ten others.

“They’ve answered my call.”

About twenty archers stood behind him in black leather armor. Jaehwang called his family for backup.

“W-What is this?”

Caroline said in shock. Obviously she never expected Jaehwang to actually answer her question. He was clearly up for quiet the match.

“Let’s begin the hunt.”

“Yes!”

Jaehwang’s summoned people shouted and prepared their arrows.

“A-Attack!”

Caroline shouted a bit nervously. However, she knew that she couldn’t stand a chance against Jaehwang and his army of people.

Swoosh! Pang! Swoosh Pang!

Jaehwang’s family begin to shoot their arrows!

Arrows were flying in every direction. No one was safe.

“Good job! Keep it up!”

Caroline’s face turned pale in fright as she watched them.

However, this was all due to her mistake in the first place. Maybe if she knew about his secret army then she would have never asked any questions.

They were going after them as if they were hunting.

Pang!

The arrows shot through the air at the speed of light.

Pong! Pong! Pong!

A end a giant shadow passed by them... One of the enemy members then fell dead onto the ground.

It was time.

The moment one of them disappeared the enemy’s side felt a fatal empty feeling.

Pang!

They hunted another enemy. The attacks were very overwhelming.

Whiiiiii... Tak... Tak... Tak

As they continued they felt a sensation of power go through them motivating them more than the last time.

[Group Power Arrow]

For thousands of years they’ve defeated enemies together.

-As usual, the energy consumption is more consistent than usual.

Jaehwang said as he noticed he was running out of energy.

In order to summon even on person it would take 200 points of his energy. When it was just Jaehwang fighting it would only take 5 points at the most. He couldn’t ignore the energy consumption rate.

As he summoned a total of 20 people the energy consumption was very tiresome. By healing himself a bit with a little of what he had left he was able to push through but that didn’t solve the problem for him entirely.

Of course he was happy with everyone he had summoned as they were doing a really good job.

At first when he summoned them he was having second thoughts knowing how much it would take. Especially for twenty people. A better number could have been 10 people but he wanted this to be a real match.

The result was very satisfying. He would be able to level up later and his skills would increase.

Juuk! Juk! Juk!

Each of them launched dozens of arrows into the sky at a time.

Caroline kept silent as she was still speechless. Was it too overwhelming? No. Was it slaughter? Execution? No... It was just hunting. Just as they said before they began, they were here to hunt.

‘They all can’t be level 7 hunters...’

Caroline thought in disbelief.

Of course all of them weren’t even close to level 7.

They were as powerful as a level 7 hunter when they fought together but they were not as strong separately.

Their attacking skills were as strong as a wild animal but their battle intelligence was lacking. But, they were still doing pretty good.

‘We have to escape!’

Caroline then immediately begin to quietly sneak away.

She knew there was no way they could defeat all of them so her best choice was to escape. Although he henchmen were still trying to fight them off Caroline had to time to save them.

However, she was too late..

One of the enemies noticed she was trying to escape.

“Where are you going? We have business to finish here.”

She then gathered both of her hands into a fist and threw a punch before even looking to see who it was.

Pong pong pong!!!

She used both her hands and her right leg to punch and kick him in the face. However, he then fought back and punched her to the floor of the rooftop that they were all fighting on top of.

Caroline was then extremely injured.

He arms, legs and the back of her head was bleeding.

One of the Jaehwang’s fighters then prepare to finish her off...

“Y-You can’t do this...”

Just then a guy stood in front of her to try and stop them.

He then kneeled to speak to her and said,

“Do you want to end this struggling?”

Caroline then could not feel any pain anymore but instead felt a cold feeling.

“You were trying to escape, right? Go ahead then.”

“....”

Although Caroline’s arms and legs were broken but she still tried to escape despite the struggle. Jaehwang then knew what was the right thing to do.

‘Quick healing’

Jaehwang then put his hand over her injured arms and legs and the bleeding instantly stopped.

“I can’t let you die yet. I still have a lot of questions to ask.”

“Try not to lose conscious.”

Deukk...

They then heard a loud engine noise from the bottom of the building.

“Huh...”

Jaehwang stood up and looked towards the door of the hospital and saw a car. Whoever was in it seemed to be breaking into the hospital.

“Finish taking care of that, I’ll go see what’s going on down there.”

Jaehwang said to the spirit.

***

“Relax.”

“This will be quick.”

He said as he stabbed a begin to stab a knife into the abdomen.

“Ahhh!”

Caroline screamed in pain.

He continued to stab the knife in even more.

“...Just die already.”

“Is there anything you would like to say?”

He asked but Caroline just tightly closed her eyes with no answer. Although she still wasn’t answering he would just heal her and start it all over again. Even it she wanted to die she couldn’t. Her limbs were still slightly broken but her ankles were tied to a tree and she was hanging upside down.

“You don’t want to play 20 questions?”

“....”

....

“Ahhrghhhh!”

He stabbed her with the knife again.

“N-No.”

Jehwang then continued the torture.

“Let’s try to play it just once.”

He insisted while holding the knife.

“It’ll be easy.”

Jaehwang looked at her toes and could feel that her soul was trying to escape her. Because he used the healing skill she wasn’t going to die so he wasn’t concerned about that. Anyone else would have surrendered by now but she didn’t plan to.

Although she was defenseless and could end the torture anytime by agreeing to talk, she swore to herself that she wouldn’t reveal anything no matter how intense the torture was.

“Come on. Tell me everything.”

Even though he tried to behave as if he wasn’t going to give up either, she knew he would spare her eventually.

“S-Spare me, please. Only then will I tell you everything. Even if I have to become your slave. Please...”

She begged as she hang upside down from her injured feet and legs. Her beautiful face was covered in blood.

“Talk.”

Jaehwang was determined not to give up on why he was doing that in the first place.

***

Pong...

Jaehwang stabbed the knife into her again. She seemed to be on the verge of losing conscious.

“Wheu...”

Jaehwang then untied her and placed her on the floor. He wiped the blood off of he face and took a deep breath of relief when he was sure that she was still alive.

“Are you okay?”

“Yea.”

She finally stopped bleeding and was starting to feel better already.

Although Jaehwang didn’t get all of the information he needed she told him all that she knew so he was able to let her go.

“Seriously, that’s all I know.”

She was originally born in the Alousu as a member of the Samjeon church. Since the day she was born she possessed exceptional talent and received specialized spy training. She used her skills to sneak her into a position in the national hunter position.

They had a plan to destroy Jaehwang and other hunters. She was even taught spells to help with their scheme. She was specially picked as the only person who was right for the job.

“Baekrin”

That was his name.

He taught her all sorts of spells. The spells that were taught her were meant to be powerful enough to compete against any hunter, even a high level ranked hunter. Her magic improved a lot and she was very power and prepared but Jaehwang’s call for backup caught her off guard.

“He said that it was just a test...”

Even Caroline didn’t know the full plan...”

“Baekrin...”

Jaehwang said while thinking out loud.

Revealing the Truth, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 149: Revealing the Truth 2




They finished finding all the traces of what happened in the hospital. After that the national hunter association send a research team to finish it off.

All the details and information was a lot to handle.

There for, the national hunter association’s invasion team captain was apart of the team with caroline. Her bodyguards disappeared because of the Bileons.

The national hunter association group’s research team resulted in sending their invasion team to the Alousu. The team rescued people and sent them to that hospital as part of their plan.

“You’re Jeon Jaehwang, level 6 hunter...”

The leader of the research team tried to imprison Jaehwang’s old clan members.

However, the important thing was the cause of the investigation. Although a bad impression of the special team was left on the entire situation, it would eventually evaporate soon.

“In a situation like this I think that following along with you plan wouldn’t be a good idea. Don’t you agree? Commander Robinson.”

Due to the interference of an old man the leader of the research team was forced to keep quiet.

The relationship between Korea and the national hunter association was followed by and agreement with enough evidence. Judging by their view they imprisoned them by force..!”

“Haha, it’s not Korea. That level 6 hunter just took one of the national hunter association’s team leaders by force. He really did a good job on that. But, with our hunter protection strategy we can protect and claim the hunters who were imprisoned.

Dark shadows line up behind the old man. They weren’t there to threaten him. The guy next to him stood up not knowing what was going on and feeling a bit nervous.

“Where should we take the test? Are we going to be guarded?”

“Well...”

Robinson’s face turned pale and he stoop a few steps back as his answer to the old man’s question wasn’t good news.

When he made a mistake he knew he would get punished. Even if the Bileons were there they wouldn’t be able to take the old man with them if he didn’t get permission. That was his home.

If he was a member of the Korean national hunter association then he could join in on decisions. However, the old man was important.

“He clearly came here with Jaehwang. No way, I can’t be another person to imprison, right? We need to be sure that there’s not any clear evidence.”

“I understand.”

Robinson was running out of time with Mr. Hwang’s precipitation. He needed to find evidence fast.

All of the workers in the hospital suffered serious and slight injuries because of everything that happened so there was no one at the scene who could give a testimony for evidence. Even though a few of them were conscious, everything happened at night so no one was even completely sure of what they saw. There was nothing they could do.

Even those who had to clean up after everything couldn’t find any proper evidence.

However, would evidence from the rooftop even be enough?

“If you can find anyone with any relation to the situation then contact them right away.”

“And...”

Robinson’s boss, Mr. Hwang had a loss of consciousness and Joonghwi was resting in the emergency room. They had to keep Jaehwang away somehow. Their last chance was to use force and be ready to make threats. But, Mr. Hwang had told him many times to avoid any kind of useless attempts.

“Maybe...”

Jaehwang had recently been flying a helicopter with some writing engraved on it.

The helicopter’s flag slowly moved as she flew through the sky.

“Do you think we should stakeout the neighborhood?”

“No way. Jaehwang would surely catch us.”

Within 30 after summoning his backup, they striked hi helicopter. Although they weren’t sure if he was inside of it or not, they knew that a very skilled and experienced pilot was flying it.

Jaehwang erased all of his tracks within only 20 minutes.

With a little time left they collected a few materials left from the battle on the rooftop. They packed a few things for the laboratory and left everything else behind. They also left behind armor that was made of very expensive metal.

“Okay, now there’s something I need to know. Why do you guys have to be excluded?”

Mr. Hwang asked.

At first they mentioned that they were going to get information on Jaehwang but they never explained why.

“Do you have it?”

“Jaehwang gave Caroline a paper with his signature on it and Caroline gave the paper to me.”

“What is it for?”

“To do more research. It’s not a lot but it’s a start.”

Mr. Hwang then looked at the paper that had Jaehwang’s information written on it.

“He was able to outsmart the national hunter association’s spys. That’s unbelievable.”

“And look at this!”

His name was written two times on the list.

Over it was his other information that they found.

Mr. Hwang then had a surprised look on his face as he noticed something on the paper.

“Are you serious?”

“Yes. He was the one who enrolled Caroline onto the list of the national hunter association team. Obviously she’s originally part of the Samjeon Church members.”

Mr. Hwang then looked at the paper feeling more shocked than before.

“That girl...”

“We can’t lose anymore. I’ll handle this situation.”

“Alright.”

Jaehwang said and Mr. Hwang nodded his head.

He had complete trust in Jaehwang to leave everything to him.

But, if things took a wrong turn Jaehwang could be in a lot of danger. That’s the reason why Mr. Hwang wanted to talk to him in person.

They really needed Jaehwang’s help at the moment.

Although he wanted to do his best to provide Jaehwang with the evidence he needed, he just couldn’t. It was no use.

Obviously Mr. Hwang was in a shocked state more than anyone else.

“Alright. Be careful not to make things worse. I’m counting on you.”

He then saw Joonghwi lying down on the hospital bed. His face was pale and he was still unconscious.

“How is he?”

“His head is a little damaged. They discovered it a little late so it could be quiet harmful.”

The nurse said.

“Take good care of him, please.”

“Yes, sir.”

Jaehwang felt guilty about Joonghwi’s condition. But, at the same time he felt that is wasn’t necessarily his fault. Maybe it was his fault a little but Caroline clearly used him and manipulated Jaehwang.

Therefore, because of all that, Joonghwi’s life was in danger. But, Jaehwang hadn’t given up on him yet.

Deukdeukdeuk

They heard loud noises and looked out the window to see what it was.

It was the Japanese clan.

-What are we going to do? Are they here looking for the Japanese clan?

The spirit asked.

-It is the Japanese clan...

Jaehwang said while thinking.

Caroline wasn’t responsible for any trouble this time. He knew that it was the Japanese clan. In Pyeongan the Japanese clan attacked them with a spell but they were able to track them down.

However, Jaehwang did postpone finishing that and went to Baekdusan. He was thinking that he could just take out the Japanese clan easily but that was very out of his range.

The Japanese clan were very powerful together.

Compared to any other clan they were ten times stronger and smarter. Obviously they were soldiers picked very carefully based on their skills and put them all together to form the most powerful clan there was. But, after a long period of time in Japan their development was a bit low.

There were thousands of Japanese clan soldiers. Jaehwang wasn’t sure it they would be able to escape it.

-We’re going to have to postpone this.

-Huh?

-We have to save the colleagues of Justin Point.

Jaehwang changed his mind. Joonghwi could make it through and live.

We wasn’t sure how much longer he could live in that condition but he came to the decision to put them first.

When Joonghwi woke up his plan could be completed and he would be able to go back to Justin Point and relax.

-Really? That’s a big decision.

The spirit said in a serious tone.

-Why?

Jaehwang asked the spirit.

-Just be careful.

The spirit answered.

A few moments later the helicopter landed. Dozens of people were waiting while the helicopter made its landing.

“What are they doing?...”

They weren’t just simply crowding around a safe spot of the landing area. They were in charge of helping the helicopter land safetly.

Mr. Hwang was the first to get out of the plan after it made its landing. The workers who helped the plane land politely greeted him.

“Welcome back!”

However, Mr. Hwang didn’t react to their welcome at all.

Actually, he was rather cold towards them and only looked around the around barely paying them any attention.

“In 20 minutes we’ll be having a meeting in the conference room. Everyone must be present.”

“Yes, sir!”

As usual the workers replied to Mr. Hwang politely. But, Mr. Hwang still barely made any eye contact with them at all.

“I’ll be there with Joonghwi.”

“Alright.”

Mr. Hwang nodded. Jaehwang then went off to visit Joonghwi in his hospital room.

He was feeling unbelievably anxious. But, just then Joonghwi then suddenly woke up grabbing onto Jaehwang’s forearm.

“J-Jaehwang!”

“You’re awake?”

Jaehwang said in surprise.

Joonghwi’s still looked very unwell and tired. Jaehwang felt sad seeing him in such a terrible condition.

“Jaehwang! I... I!”

“Let’s talk after you get out of this hospital.”

“Okay.”

Joonghwi replied to Jaehwang’s suggestion. However, he couldn’t let go of Jaehwang’s arm. He was actually holding onto it even tighter.

After a simple checkup Joonghwi was able to move out of an emergency hospital room into a normal hospital room.

There weren’t any serious internal wounds so if treatment went smoothly. Joonghwi finally seemed to be getting back to his normal self.

He was finally able to talk to him like normal.

There were 894 people who safetly took shelter during the attack of Justin Point. Most of them were Korean soldiers but they did their best to protect Justin Point till the end.

The belated evacuation blocked off the Oaks from the safety shelter.

But, nothing was stopping them.

The enemies of the Justin Point base suffered many years of the same routine. However, the hunters panic about the confinement and prepared an escape. A total of 50 people gathered for it. All of them united and created a plan together. Although they could get caught and be punished with dying, they were determined to go along with their plan.

“I don’t know if the people on our side died...”

Joonghwi said sadly.

“Don’t worry. They will soon escape Justin Point. They will be safe.”

“No no. I’m not worried about that.”

Joonghwi replied.

“Then what is it?”

“The people in the safety shelter are in there without any fresh water. Food isn’t a problem but after the supply of water they have run out then they’ll be in desperate need of help.”

Jaehwang’s expression then froze.

What Joonghwi sad was very worrisome but he was right. They needed to help them as fast as they could.

“Trust me. I will save them.”

“Will surely save them.”

“Thank you and good luck.”

Revealing the Truth 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 150: Religious Fanatic VS Religious Fanatic




Jaehwang then ended his visit with Joonghwi and got going to the meeting room.

“Have you seen Cheonggwan?”

“He’s still in a meeting. Ah, wait one second...”

The person said as she left for a moment to go into the meeting room. A few moments later she came back and gave Jaehwang permission to enter. Jaehwang was then walking into the room but stopped at the entrance.

Besides Mr. Hwang, everyone was strangely lying face down in a.

Everyone were in pairs but only their backs were facing each other.

“How long are we going to be staying like this? I have to go to the bathroom...”

“....”

“Only a little longer.”

Pong pong pong pong!!

Mr. Hwang hit the wall with a stick signaling everyone to be quiet.

Everyone then immediately became quiet and Mr. Hwang then shouted,

“You all have to protect everyone!”

“Yes, sir!”

“How many people have failed us this time... I’ve been in this spot for a long time now, haven’t I?”

Mr. Hwang had a lot of work to take care of. That’s why he needs to trust his workers with some things. But unfortunately, things have been being poorly handled.

“It’ll never happen again.”

“What won’t happen again!”

Mr. Hwang then hit the stick to the wall again.

Pong pong pong!!!

“From now on I’m going to dismiss you all from your given positions.”

“Yes, sir!”

“I’ll also be assigning you all to special training soon.”

“Yes, sir!”

“Wheu. I’ve gotten so much softer these days. Things would have been much different if I was still the same as before.”

Mr. Hwang said and the workers faces were dripping in sweat.

Although he was a bit softer than before he was still scary.

Their mistakes with the information caused lots of damage to the team so he had to make some changes.

“This kind of behavior just can’t keep happening. You can all leave now.”

His workers immediately stood up and politely bowed to him before leaving.

“Yes, sir!”

As they were leaving Mr. Hwang put his hand on one of their shoulders and said,

“Chan.”

“Yes, sir!”

He then spoke to one of the workers that used to be his usual assistant but was demoted.

Mr. Hwang told him a secret. Chan’s expression changed.

“Do you know why you’ve been demoted?”

“I think so.”

“Become my best investigator.”

“Yes, sir!”

All the workers left and door of the conference room then closed.

Mr. Hwang took a deep breath and sat the stick down on the floor.

“Take a seat.”

“Okay.”

“Were in a hopeless state right now.”

“No we’re not.”

Jaehwang replied.

He was sure that they could turn things around.

They had to avoid any kind of fatal mistakes. They were overconfident in the information given to them by national hunter association. Obviously they were going to up their game after finding out how powerful Jaehwang was so they had to be careful of him getting killed.

That’s why Mr. Hwang wanted to destroy them and get it over as fast as possible.

“Let’s talk.”

Mr. Hwang said to Jaehwang.

After being a charge for almost half of his life, Mr. Hwang had tons of experience so he was able to come up with a greatly effective plan.

But, Mr. Hwang was always happy to speak with Jaehwang and hear his thoughts.

“Isn’t that a good idea?”

“Yes. let’s continue this talk in the office.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang then followed mr. Hwang as they walked down the hallway and into the office. They both walked into the office and took a seat across from each other at a desk. The both of them then began to read a few papers from a document folder. Soon an hour had gone by.

“First, let’s talk about the relationship between the Oaks and humans.”

Mr. Hwang suggested. He then told him a plan that he thought of. It was simply a plan to find the other clan members but it was also a plan to completely destroy the Oaks and Samjeon Church members.

However, there was one thing missing.

“Are you sure that’ll work? All of our lives would be in danger if we followed along with that plan.”

“Haha.”

Mr. Hwang just laughed and nodded his head.

Jaehwang was confused but mr. Hwang knew there was nothing to worry about.

“This time will be different. My soldiers will show them who they really are...”

***

Two days later they began to go through the plan and sort through everything in detail. They collected all of the weapons and soldiers they would need.

After that they secretly went through a gate to go to the Alousu. The closest gate to Justin Point had been closed down so they had to find another entrance that Jaehwang knew of.

“I’ll be wishing you good luck.”

“You can do this.”

Mr. Hwang said his goodbyes to Jaehwang before they left.

The sun was beaming down in the humid temperature... Unusual animals were roaming freely across the ground... Although it wasn’t an exciting place, Jaehwang was kind of happy to be back in the Alousu.

The bus they were all on soon came to a stop. Jaehwang got off alone while the rest left on the bus to continue on with their part of the plan.

“It’s been awhile.”

Time wasn’t just going by in long hours but it felt like when he was in Baekdusan. It felt like it took him 10 years to get there.

Jaehwang continued to walk further into the strange but familiar place.

Dingg...

Jaehwang then turned on a navigation device on of the others gave him before leaving.

It was the navigation that he used to use when he was a part of the clan.

Although it hasn’t had any updates since being in Justin Point, the other soldiers were able to update it to collect information in the Alousu. Not just any simple information of the civilization, but to also get updates on the latest monsters around.

He checked the geography and the environment of the area around him. He prepared his weapons ready for an attack. And of course, he put on his hood to disguise his face. He took off the hood to look and in a mirror and saw that in the sun of the Alousu he looked like a quite calm guy in his mid thirties.

“Great.”

He then put on a helmet Joonghwi gave to him before they left.

-How is it?

-Isn’t it perfect? It feels like a blessing.

-Awesome.

Jaehwang then looked in the faint distance.

The place recommended from the geography information was exactly the place Jaehwang had in mind. Even in the sunlight the place still looked eerie and was filled with dense fog... It time to go there and begin the plan.

“Let’s get started.”

Jaehwang said and disappeared into the fog.

***

“Wow, unbelievable.”

When they arrived they saw a tall and muscled guard.

There was another Oak guard beside him who was continuously doing a bad job.

‘Stupid guy...’

The other guard said to himself. He then sat onto the floor and ate a piece of beef jerky out of his pocket. Clearly he seemed like a low ranked Oak.

He just sat on the floor and ate snacks for awhile.

Grrugghh

His stomach then started to growl and feel uneasy due to the snacks.

‘Darn it. I better go.”

When he was first assigned to that position he felt so grateful and even cried tears of joy. The job he was given meant a lot to him.

Even if he had to risk his life he was ready for it. He was dedicated to his given task.

However, sometimes it didn’t feel like enough. Other Oaks were out hunting monsters and getting stronger but he was just stuck standing in one place all the time as if he was a tree.

“Hey, get back here.”

“Alright.”

The guard eating beef jerky said in reply to the tall guard.

Tak!

Instantly the guard eating beef jerky suddenly collapsed onto the ground and died.

The tall guard then looked around confused about what was going on. Then, he saw him.

“You!”

Instantly, he was shot with an arrow as well.

Jaehwang then took a battle axe that was in the Oak’s weapon holster.

“Should I use this to hit your head?”

“No! Please”

Kwang!

He then hit him with the battle axe.

“Too late.”

However, he wasn’t done there. Blood spread everywhere as Jaehwang continued to hit the Oak with the axe.

After he was finished he put the axe a weapon holster of his own.

“Obtain the weapon of an Oak. First step, complete. ”

Religious Fanatic VS Religious Fanatic, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 151: Religious Fanatics 2




That night they arrived in Justin Point and Sofia greeted the leader. The church members were preparing for a group prayer later. After arrived everyone settled into an area with their weapons prepared ready for an encounter with an enemy.

First he sent Sofia a task to help them with. Although the other Oaks weren’t told yet, they would have to come and go from Justin Point oftenly.

“Did you find a temporary transfer to get through the gate?”

“Yes. Everything is all set and should work out just fine.”

“Good. that’s the most important thing. After we go through the gate to earth then we’ll be able to easily come and go anytime.”

She then had a blank facial expression after the leader spoke.

“Yes. we have no exceptions for anything going wrong this time.”

“Agree.”

“Taking this gate to get to earth is the best way but right there’s a lot that needs to be done in this place. Nothing new has come from the National Hunter Association.”

“I see.”

“Alright, we’ll get everything going.”

The lead priest walked into the room and sat back into a chair.

“Alright, that’s enough.”

He said.

“The Oaks still need strength. They’ll be needing even more in the future.”

The Oaks weren’t quite ready for battle yet.

Of course it wasn’t much a big deal as they always traveled in groups and were almost unstopped together but, they had to play it safe this time.

“Let’s all take a rest for now.”

Before their plan went into action they planned to take a rest.

-The bishop has an urgent message!

-What’s going on?

-The Oaks are on their way to Justin Point!

-Huh?

He asked in surprise. Why were trying going there? Of course they had to be up to no good.

-What are they doing?

-I’m not sure but there’s a lot of them coming.

-How many of them are there?

-More than 10,000.

-Wow.

An army of Oaks were currently on their way to Justin Point. He knew he had to find out what was going on and stop them as he knew they were up to no good.

Without even having anytime to rest it was time for another mission.

-Sofia!

The bishop knew where he could find them.

-They arrived here with the Samjeon church members as well.

-I see. Do you know their exact location?

-They’re 10 meters in the Southwest direction past the secret observation tower.

‘Why?’

He anxiously asked to himself.

-I’ll prepare to handle them.

-Okay.

He then quickly calmed down to think through a plan.

-I’m not too sure how but we have to make sure this is perfect.

-Yes, sir.

They were in preparation for their enemy to appear.

After improvement and precise planning they felt like they had a chance of success.

‘What if our missing soldiers attack us.’

Justin Point had been repaired a lot since the last Oak attack.

It was the attack that almost completely destroyed Justin Point.

‘The worst thing that could happen is our missing soldiers their leading dying leaving us to finish this alone.’

The bishop started to worry.

He needed all the soldiers for what he was planning or else he would have to get more church members to help.

“Stay with us. Keep us safe and focused.”

It was a small prayer but it helped him feel less tense before leaving the room.

He prayed for them to find the other soldiers safe and fast with no troubles.

#2

“Stop! Tell me!”

“I said stop!”

He shouted and the Oaks that were walking then immediately stopped.

They were nocturnal Oaks but as they were traveling on for a few days they clearly looked very exhausted.

“Sir! What are you doing?’

One of the crowd of the missing Oaks asked to their leader.

“Is that a command?”

“The Oaks back in the city seems to be getting ready for a war. It says they want us to come back right away.”

“Where the heck did they come from?”

“Yesterday they followed a messenger here after getting the news two days ago.”

The Oak said and their leader Halcan began to get buried in thought. He wanted to do this on his own.

“I understand. Tomorrow morning we’ll get going.”

Pong!

Just as he spoke something flew out of nowhere and stabbed into the foot of their co leader.

All of the other Oaks were clearly shocked and looked confusingly wondering what was going on.

“It must the human that invaded the altar! Prepare your weapons everyone!”

“Yes, sir!”

The Oaks then quickly armed their gear.

“Hurry! We can teach him a lesson this time!”

“Yes, sir!”

Halcan noticed that their co leader wasn’t looking so well as there was something stabbed into his foot.

“Are you okay?”

“I’m okay.”

“I think this was a bad idea.”

“Me too.”

Halcan wanted to lead a large force of soldiers to Justin Point for a fight but he didn’t think they would have to fight the enemy so soon. Although he did regret his thought process before the mission, he felt more angry than regretful. Well, maybe anger was an overstatement. The reason for that was because when they got the news from the Oaks back in the neighborhood they were still many Oaks by his side.

However, the problem was that the leader back in the neighborhood with the other Oaks interrupted their plan and wanted them to return immediately. But, he was still lucky to have so much help him on the mission so far. It was a good thing they had the church members on their side to help them when they needed it.

“I don’t think I want to end this mission. I can’t just drop this and let it go.”

“Alright.”

The co leader said in reply to Halcan.

Their connection with the Samjeon church was not important on anything related to that mission.

He had dozens of Oaks with him that were very capable of helping. Although they knew it would be difficult, they wanted to make sure the altar invader pid for what he did.

Capturing the culprit was the only thing on his mind. However, when he saw the Oaks position he felt a bit anxious. Samjeon church members were in Justin Point with the bishop preparing for the mission planned by the leaders.

“We can’t stop here.”

“You are very brave, Halcan. If you hadn’t warned me then I could have fallen into a trap later.”

“Haha.”

Halcan laughed.

“Okay, you get going now. At least the bishop will be relieved when he sees you.”

“Alright. See you soon.”

#2

Halcan’s henchmen Oak were the first to go on their way to return to Justin Point.

Soon they were able to see the distant amazing city wall of Justin Point. Before they could get any closer the Oaks stopped. They didn’t need to go any further. The door of Justin Point opened and a giant military bus came through.

“Of course.”

Halcan wasn’t surprised.

Even the other soldiers could guess what was going on.

At first the co leader thought it was the bishop coming to see them in person as soon as he could.

The sooner they were able to talk about the altar destruction situation the better.

“Hello...”

Their co leader nervously greeted him. Luckily, instead of seeming angry, the bishop looked relieved to see that they have returned. Their co leader then explained to him what they were doing.

“You’ve worked hard.”

“No, no. it was nothing.”

The two of them then exchanged handshakes. What was most surprising is that their co leader was very skilled in English. Oaks had a difficult time learning English, that’s why it was so impressive.

That’s why he was ranked very high on the team.

“Welcome back.”

“Thank you.”

Kukae then got onto the military bus with the bishop. Inside the bus was decorated very luxurious and fancy. The two of them spent a few hours talking on the bus.

“....and, that’s what happened.”

“That was a setup!”

The bishop shouted as she quickly stood up from his seat.

“I know. I thought that we should go and show them a lesson ourselves.”

“But, I’m sorry. I guess we should’ve thought it through better...”

“It’s okay. I can see that Halcan’s in a very tough position right now. He may really want to get back at the culprit but he’s going to need a better approach for the sake of all of us. This incident is a big deal.”

“But, it’s not Halcan who’s responsible...”

The bishop said. He knew that the Oaks had to have thoroughly planned something like that.

He thought that Halcan couldn’t have thought of something like that on his own.

“Right. But, Halcan was really bothered about this and wanted to do something about it.”

“Hm. I see.”

The bishop replied. Even he knew how Halcan can be sometimes. But, the Oaks couldn’t escape their stereotype and show a new side to them no matter what. Although he was scared for Halcan he admired him.

“There’s actually a reason to why I wanted to speak with you so soon...”

The bishop talked to Kukae about the situation that was currently going on.

Kukae’s face then turned solid.

“Wow. that’s...”

“I know. It’s so sudden. But just as you said, it wouldn’t be difficult for anyone to come between the Oaks and the church members and turn us against each other. We have to think this through perfectly to protect ourselves.

“Agreed.”

After talking for a few hours they came to a solution for their problems.

Although they couldn’t really wrap their head around someone who could put them against each other they knew they still had to be careful.

“I think that we just need to keep a close eye the Samjeon church members.”

Religious Fanatics 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 152: The Slayer




The bishop told Kukae everything about the situation they were currently dealing with.

What they needed to do was team up together and cooperate to make it through. The church members could team up together and come up with an agreement to destroy the enemy.

“Well, there’s a few things I need to ask you.”

“Okay.”

“Do you know who is responsible for what happen?”

“We’re 99.9% sure it was Jean Jaehwang.”

The bishop answered and Kukae then had an angry look on his face.

“He did this? Are our soldiers strong enough to handle this?”

“Yes but, possibly when they get to earth their skills will improve even more.”

The gate to the neighborhood they were in almost reached to Korea.

“Just as you said sir, if they attack us again then we have a plan prepared. There’s nothing we have to fear. That’s what they would want. Besides, we have more information on them than they have on us.”

The bishop then replied,

“We just have to make we stick together with the church members.”

He simply answered. That was it. With that they were able to achieve anything they wanted.

“First, I decided we should briefly meet with them. I’ll convince Halcan to join us.”

Kukae said with a slight laugh. The bishop nodded his head in agreement.

Kukae was Halcan’s henchman and he was the ruler of Justin Point. Their enemies were clearly trying to create conflict between them but they weren’t going to let that happen. All they had to was get through the crucial situation they were facing.

“I have a good idea.”

“Really? What is it?”

The bishop said. He knew that Kukae was a genius. He was the smartest amongst all the Oaks.

“I can ask Halcan to form a research group for this situation. He can gather his best henchmen of church members and oaks to do it. But, he’s going to need some more information on what happened. Everything should go just fine.”

“Okay, let’s get started.”

“I’ll get more evidence and information from our side. I can expect to be able to get four or five Oaks to join us. Also, after we reconcile and end this conflict we’ll be ready to go. We have to keep an eye out wherever you go for anything suspicious going on. After that we can sweep out those at Samjeon church and the Oaks will completely rule this town.”

“Great.”

He had everything planned perfectly for their success.

However, there was something that the two of them completely overlooked.

Jaehwang and those helping him were not lacking in anything.

“This way everyone will be safe.”

The bishop added.

“What was that?”

“What?”

They suddenly heard a strange sound. That sound was...

It was the last sound the two of them ever heard.

Whoosh... Pong...

“Ahh!”

“Oof!”

The two of them clenched their chest.

They couldn’t believe what just happened to them. It was very unexpected a they didn’t even have any type of armor for protection. They couldn’t even move a muscle. It felt as if some kind of unheard of energy were restraining them.

Tak... Tak

Both of their heads then hit onto the table.

“Looks like they should have planned more carefully.”

Two of them then carefully looked out of the military bus window at the two guys who were just attacked.

“Someone’s out there.”

“There hasn’t been any warning on this.”

They quickly went over all of the information.

“How do we find out more on this situation?”

The bishop asked painfully holding onto his head.

“I’m not sure. How about the old slow moving Oak doing? I could recognize that guy instantly.”

“Who knows.”

“Wow, there’s almost no information on the Oaks. One second, I’ll try taking a closer look.”

He then carefully examined the two Oaks they capture. He examined their muscles and armor.

“There’s no traces of them using any special weapon and there are no wounds left on them. It seems that they have a head injury, though. Looks like they had a dagger as their back up weapon.”

“Alright, let’s begin.”

After drawing middle ground the scene had begun.

The bishop put on hand over his chest and clenched onto a gun for his own protection.

“I think we can loosen up now. Begin, slowly.”

“Okay. I am now starting.”

He began the information scan. The bishop suddenly reached out his hands towards the gun. At the same time Kukae stabbed the dagger into the bishop’s chest.

“Stop!

The bishop shouted and Kukae instantly stopped.

“It’s much better now than it used to be. Should we check the impact of it?”

“Alright. If that went well then we should be able to save the others successfully.”

“Yes. I will now begin.”

Shortly after he began there was a loud scream along with a gun shot coming from inside the military bus they were operating in. The Oaks outside the bus heard all the noise and quickly went rushing inside. They entered and saw a human and an Oak that Kukae was testing on. After seeing what was going on the Oaks got angry and ran towards the humans in the bus. However, an alarm rang and crowds of people begin to pour out of Justin Point. Kukae then realized what was going on and how dangerous it was and immediately started to escape.

#2

Click... Click...

Sofia then brought a few escorts and got onto the bus.

After everyone was on the bus she looked at the bishop and the Oak that were at the table that their heads were hit onto.

“What happened here?”

She casually asked her their secretary then replied.

“Well, about an hour ago they were doing a report on a test...”

“A report?”

“Yea. recently, Halcan went out onto the outskirts of Justin Point and...”

The secretary went on in detail talking about what Sofia already knew.

“But was it a surprise attack on the Oaks at first?”

“That seems so.”

The secretary replied. Sofia then glanced over at the two of them

“Gross. There’s blood all over them. Is the bishop really so sure about the Oaks innocence? This could be the consequences of their actions. This is a cult after all. Right?”

“Yes, of course.”

The secretary agreed.

“I don’t know. If the bishop were to die then I would get to be the ruler of Justin Point.”

“Yes!”

The secretary replied. He wanted Sofia to be the ruler of Justin Point more than anything.

“Let’s first get rid of the terrible smell coming from them. Later we’ll have to take them somewhere to rest.”

“Okay.”

“We can’t reveal the Oaks true colors. They can do all the training in the preparing in Justin Point that they want but when I enter this place I’m in charge.”

It was the first time that Sofia’s angel-like face made an unpleasant expression. It was as if she had an intense craving for blood and power.

“I will take over Justin Point. I can plan a surprise attack and start a battle against the Oaks.”

Sofia declared. She looked glanced over at the bishop with a cold gaze and mumbled,

“The gods won’t be able to save you this time. You’ll be useless after I’m done with you.”

“The bishop and his Oaks only cause chaos to the church members. We’ll find proof of it.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“Also, after we plan this, tomorrow morning we’ll shout their names up into the sky to demand their punishment from the gods.”

#3

-Ah, my ear is itchy. What if someone is trying to talk to me?

The spirit said as she sat on the floor and Jaehwang covered her ears as he prepared to pierce them.

She couldn’t hear anything. Jaehwang then noticed the feather come close to her head.

-Ah! It’s dirty!

-Just wipe it off!

-Alright, alright, I’m getting it.

-It’s a feather.

Jaehwang cleaned the feather and then swung his arm to use it to pierce the Spirit’s ears.

-That feels better.

-Ow!

As the spirit whined Jaehwang glanced over towards the city wall in the distant horizon. In the moment could feel the comfort of home. Unfortunately, he then remembered that Justin Point had been overtaken by Oaks. the spirit then said,

-Jaehwang? Isn’t there something strange?

-What do you mean?

-I can sense that there’s an unusual amount of Oaks in the northwest direction.

-Hmm, what does it look like over there?

She used her special skill to share her sense with Jaehwang and he could then see what she saw and sense what she sensed.

-There really is something strange going on over there.

Of course there were always lots of Oaks in Justin Point but at that time they were moving unusually. It seemed as if they were preparing for battle.

-We can catch them, let’s go. But, we don’t have enough information.

-I know.

The spirit sadly replied to Jaehwang.

TTakkk

Jaehwang looked around at the ground he was sitting on and picked up the tablet.

He thought of using it as a weapon but that obviously wouldn’t be enough and the spirit would go crazy. The frequency he used to communicate with those back in Justin Point had completely changed.

He clicked on an app on the tablet and a chatting showed up.

[You have entered chat room 1.]

[You have entered chat room 2]

“A chat room with my enemies in it?...”

And aside from the chat room, there was a secret special weapon.

Chat room 1: Is there a solo member?

Member 2: I am solo.

Member 1: Great, come to the office!

Member 2: Is there something wrong?...

Jaehwang then tilted his head as he read the chat.

Member 5: Member 1, the solo soldier still doesn’t know about what’s going on.

Member 1: Ah, is that so. I understand. I’m sorry I didn’t explain it properly...

Member 5: It’s fine. You can explain it to him now.

Member 1: Can you do it?

Member 5: Sure. But, if this doesn’t go like we planned...

Member 5 then started to briefly explain the situation. After reading further Jaehwang was then able to understand what was going on.

-Was the altar incident really that severe?

-It seems so. After all, they are crazy about their religion.

Jaehwang honestly didn’t understand the point of the situation. It was just one simple thing. The altar incident wasn’t much of a big deal and could easily be fixed. Of course there was a reason to be angry but to him they seemed to be overreacting.

Originally, Jaehwang’s plan was to shoot the Oak leader.

Clearly he didn’t care if they succeed at it or not. He felt that there was no need to cause conflict between the two of them at the moment.

Member 1: Actually, there is a reason all this happened.

Member 6: What is it?

Member 1: Someone snuck into our base and stole important information and our soldiers are becoming weak. After a war begins it will be difficult to escape this place.

Member 6: Wow...

Member 1: The best we can do is try to escape before the war starts.

Member 6: I have something I need to do.

Member 1: We’ll make sure that neither the Oaks or church members can’t escape.

-Are they serious about this?

The spirit said in anger. It seemed like those in the chat only cared for themselves and planned to abandon everyone else. However, Jaehwang then slightly smirked.

“Great.”

The Slayer, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 153: The Slayer 2




#1

“The gods glory.”

“The gods blessing.”

Jaehwang crossed the main bridge to get to Justin Point and ran into one of the church members.

-Perfect.

-Try to avoid them for now so we don’t cause any trouble so soon.

-Alright.

He continued on his way to Justin Point avoiding anyone he saw. After going through the entrance briefly checked the report of the new information he got.

Justin Point was currently going through a rough time.

-I’m shaking.

Jaehwang said.

Bong! Bong! Bong! Bong!

“Ahhh!”

They then heard the sound of someone painfully screaming.

-What could be going on there?

Jaehwang asked. He then walked closer to where he heard the loud noise from to take a peek at what could be going on.

However, he just couldn’t take the sound of the cruelty. Every time he heard it his stomach felt uneasy. Many of the soldiers in Justin Point gave up on escaping and decided to just deal with the misery.

On one side there was wood piled up and burning in a fire.

The thing that was burning was their religious order.

-How cruel.

-It is.

The spirit replied.

-No matter what, I have to finish what I came to do here.

-True but be sure to be very careful. They’re very ruthless against enemies here.

The spirit warned him.

Jaehwang then went on following his plan.

He opened a box he bought with him and took a few things out of it.

-This is kind of small than what I’m used to.

The first thing he pulled out of the box was a card. After the church members took over Justin Point they replaced everything that existed there and put everything away in a giant storage place. It wasn’t rare for trouble to happen after opening one of the boxes and taking the stuff inside.

“And. the most important thing.”

Jaehwang said as he pulled out his identification card. It wasn’t usually an important thing.

The church members didn’t need one as their identification were in their database. However, for Jaehwang it was a very important thing for his plan.

“Shall we get going now?”

Jaehwang quickly went over the plan in his head.

After getting his identification card it was time to move on to the next step.

#2

Kwang... kiikk... Kwang.... Kikk

The sound of a drum filled the meadow causing a slight vibration on the ground. In the horizon they could see an army of Oaks marching.

“We have to halt the army!”

“Halt the army!”

“Halt!”

The wave of Oks didn’t slow down.

“I have a report.”

Said a voice coming from the center of the herd.

“The call for all the warriors is now complete.”

“I’ll blow the trumpet again to assemble everyone. Before the sun comes up the soldiers will be completely prepared.

“Okay.”

The assistant said in reply to the Oak leader.

Although the Oaks were still a bit weak they were ready to fight. Jaehwang stayed in a place where no one could see him instead of hunting the Oaks right away.

Their leader then made another command.

“Faster!”

“Yes, sir.”

“Is it ready?”

“Yes, the sorcerors are also ready.”

“Great. The enemy won’t be able to get away this time.”

“Good.”

Halcan sat on a giant chair made of skeleton bones watching everything. He could see the flagpole that the Oaks were holding up. They were ready to destroy the enemy and hang him from the flagpole.

“KuKae.”

Halcan reached out his right hand and called for his close friend Kukae.

Kukae was originally the most humble person on the Oak team. He wasn’t like his slave but he was very loyal to him. Halcan couldn’t imagine being without a friend like him.

With the help of Kukae’s advanced intelligence they were able to come up with an effective plan to destroy their enemies.

However, that’s how Kukae died.

They couldn’t even find his body.

Halcan cherished the memories of the two of them forever.

It was all the fault of those humans.

The loss of him was a big burden for him to carry on his shoulders.

After that he was determined for his soldiers to win and do their best to find Kukae’s corpse.

Kiikkk...

Pong... Pong!

Halcan then clenched his fest and grabbed a 9 tier monster bone from the armrest of his chair and dropped it. The wave of Oaks were getting closer to their war destination. Halcan then thought that if he knew that he would lose Kukae then he would have never done any of this.

Halcan then got up from his seat. He looked towards the distance of the city wall. It stood tall and was very strong. In the past when he first entered the area after the Justin Point attack he was surprised at all of the architecture.

Before humans actually looked funny to him. Baekrin was a weird looking human but after hanging out with him often he got used to it and the looks of humans don’t surprise him anymore. He had seen hunters before as well but he never seen an arrow explode before.

He realized that there were lots of surprises in Justin Point.

Obviously the humans were very serious about getting the place back to normal.

But, he couldn’t let that happen.

“I feel empty.”

Earlier he was confident that he would be able to easily defeat their enemy but Samjeon church members were putting up a good fight and not giving up so easily as he thought they eventually would. And of course, he just felt so empty without Kukae.

He couldn’t even think straight.

Halcan stayed up in a high fortress where he knew he was safe. Suddenly he was thinking different than he was before. Kukae was supposed to be already prepared. Without him everything seemed to be crumbling down...

“Baekrin, I don’t know what to do.”

Whoosh!

Black energy then began to flow out of Halcan’s body.

The energy surrounded him and all the Oaks that he feared bowed to him in respect.

That black energy was a challenger against halcan until then. He was the biggest challenger against himself.

He then discovered an ancient secret deep within himself. His blood was linked to the most powerful Oak to ever exist.

#3

“I have a report.”

“Sofia said to quickly catch all of the church members.”

“All of the church members near the gate had been captured.”

“The bishop’s best follower had been decided but he’s gone now.”

They then looked at each other after hearing the report and Sofia smirked.

That was one of the things that they went over in detail during their meeting.

When they entered that place they wanted to begin their plan the previous day but things weren’t quite ready to go into action at that time.

“Now we can continue our plan and get rid of our enemies for good?”

“Exactly!”

“Good. Ah, there’s one thing that I had in mind.”

She said and the atmosphere around them then instantly became cold.

“Don’t be shy. Everyone in Justin Point is on your side, aren’t they?”

“True!”

“I can do this with no problem. No one will get in my way...”

Sofia then slightly lifted her hand.

A mini whirlpool then suddenly appeared hovering over the palms of her hands. There was also a small light. Everyone in the room just watched while being speechless.

“Church is starting now.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

She then thought about the mentions of a level 7 hunter being around somewhere.

#4

“It’s been a long time since I’ve been here.”

Jaehwang then thought about his time with the raid team. In the past when the Oaks would gather he would continuously shoot arrows.

-You were so risky back then.

-I know. I almost fainted.

When he woke up he felt as if he hit his head on some metal railing.

When he got up he saw the railing behind him.

He saw the wide grassland and the herd of Oaks. In that moment he knew exactly what was going on.

Of course that wasn’t Jaehwang’s fault. There was something else behind the reason for it. He had no one to help him protect Justin Point that time so he accepted the request for backup.

-Do they have much battle experience?

-Of course. However, you’re still a lot stronger.

-I need to level up.

Jaehwang replied modestly to the spirit’s compliment. The spirit and him were currently resting while eating chocolate. Later they may not even have any time to eat anything. They sat there eating and resting for a few hours.

Swoosh...

Dozens of Oaks then gathered into a giant circle. It seems that they were casting a spell.

At the same time, they felt a strange vibration on the ground.

“Woah.”

Jaehwang said slightly surprised.

The vibration then stopped.

“What are they doing?”

In the center of the Oaks there was a puddle that grew bigger and bigger that resembled the red sea. A dark shadow then started to appear. At first the shadow was smaller than all of the other Oaks but as it came closer it grew bigger and bigger. There was then a huge cloud of dust and shortly after it all blew away there was a giant monster.

“It’s a monster...”

A third tier monster appeared right before their eyes. It had long sharp horns on its head. It seemed to have a build that was only capable of simple attacks.

Was that it? Not at all. After that one they summoned more monsters. The other monster seemed to have strength comparable to a fifth tier monster. Jaehwang made sure to stay hidden where no one could see him.

“They summoned that monster with a spell?”

Jaehwang saw all the monster suddenly appearing and knew it was a spell. It looked as if an entire army of monsters were being formed.

The Oaks then took out a card and seem to have noticed something suspicious.

-No way, this has to be some kind of rare or self-made spell.

Surely it was a brilliant spell but there was something that he did not understand about it.

The church members permanently trapped the citizens of Justin Point in Justin Point and they somehow completely restored the place. Despite the last time he was there, Jaehwang never saw an army of Oaks that big. Justin Point wasn’t just some simple city.

Justin Point went through a big change. Each person there had an advanced armed weapon and was ready to fight.

The Slayer 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 154: The Slayer 3




A few places were very broken down but there was also a few places left that were just fine. Before he couldn’t see their weapon but now he could see them clearly.

20 missiles hit the ground creating a big explosion.

-I have a plan.

-What is it?

The spirit asked.

-The church members are using a rare item. They must have stolen it.

-So they’re really powerful?

-Yes. But, if they don’t use it carefully then something terrible can happen.

At the moment everything seemed to be going well for them and things were just getting even worse for Jaehwang and Justin Point.

The monsters broke out of the Oak’s military cam and went on their way to Justin Point. Hundreds of monsters were running like crazy.

Later they finally reached their destination and began their attack on Justin Point.

Stomp! Stomp! Kwang Kwang!!

A ray of light covered all over the Justin Point area they were attacking in.

Even though they were just third tier monsters no one could defend themselves.

There was a large shooting machine that they got to try and fight off the monsters.

They did the best they good to try to defend themselves from the monsters. However, the monsters were really tough.

Halcan was surely doing his best to succeed but...

“Justin Point is so shallow.”

Whoosh...

Suddenly he heard a loud sound of a machine gun.

Pongg!! Pongg! Pongg!!!

Along with the sound of a gun there was loud monster-like wailing noise with a glowing blue flare that covered everything.

He only focused on the blue light on one half within 100 meters and that was enough to handle the monsters.

-Woah.

The spirit said.

-The Oak’s don’t even notice what’s going on. I can;t believe the church members didn;t alert them yet. All I can do is wait around near the hot flames.

That’s what he did. The Oaks and the church members might have been preparing for another attack. Obviously they weren’t easily going to give up on taking over Justin Point.

Finally, their plan was working and the monsters were calming down thanks to their attack.

-Of course. There was no need for us to use a missile. However, I guess I don’t know if the church members are going to alert the Oaks.

-Huh? How can the Oaks not know?

-I’m not sure.

Jaehwang then noticed an Oak sitting on a giant throne-like chair. He was sitting there and smiling at the sight of Justin Point. As if the attacking happening was just a big joke to him.

-I don’t like those Oaks.

-Agreed.

The spirit replied. Just seeing him sitting in his chair happy about what was happening made him angry.

“Those guys need to be more serious.”

Jiijjiiikkk...

Jaehwang walked outside and tore an Oak uniform he found to shreds.

He then saw shiny black armor.

The armor covered the Oak from its neck to its ankles.

The name of the armor outfit was ‘NIghtmare King’.

He remembered a time when Mr. Hwang mention something about armor like that to him.

“I wish that I could meet someone with armor like that.”

Mr. Hwang talked about wanting to meet someone who had the Nightmare KIng armor artifact.

Nightmare King – Special Set Artifact (?)

Owner: Jeon Jaehwang

Talent: Protection

Although it was armor it was surprisingly light.

“I wonder if this would be hard to control if I were to wear it.”

Jaehwang then put the helmet of the armor on his head. It was a full face helmet giving him complete coverage. It even had horns on the top of the helmet.

Nightmare King – Special Set Artifact (5/5) complete

Set effects

Movement energy: 100 Percent Increase

Attack Energy: 200 Percent Increase

Protect Power: 50 Percent Increase

Hiding skill unavailable

Mr. Hwang used to use that same artifact when he battled in the past.

Aside from the hiding skill there was a fatal penalty that made it impossible to use. But even so, Mr. Hwang believed Jaehwang could handle it.

Jaehwang put on all five parts of the complete set and could instantly feel the energy flowing through him. The hiding skill was impossible to use because the energy flowing through it overflowed and could be seen by anyone.

After he began to use it he noticed something randomly started to absorb energy.

The Nightmare King set kept absorbing Jaehwang’s energy.

In no time a total of 5000 energy points from him were absorbed until it stopped and the set was then ready for action.

“It’s ready”

Jaehwang then prepared his arrows.

Whoosh...

He first started at an Oak perfectly aiming his arrow in its direction.

“It’s a simple welcome.”

Jiijjikkk... Jiijjjiikk...

He launched the arrow and a trail of red energy followed along behind the arrow as if quickly flew through the air.

He then used the energy to make spears that were up to 2 meters tall.

“Exploding arrow shower!”

Jaehwang shouted.

Pang!! Pang! Pang!! Kwangg! Kwang!! Kwangg!!

The arrows fell to the ground causing multiple loud explosions.

He thought that maybe people noticed the missile.

If that happened then he wouldn’t have any explanation to give them about it.

Swooshhh!

He then aimed at the Oak sitting on the giant throne. But, it wasn’t just any explosion. Multiple arrows flew towards him like missiles creating multiple explosions.

Everything was suddenly quiet.

The Oak remain calm despite the loud explosions.

“Wow...”

Jaehwang said.

#2

Whoosh...

Jaehwang’s attack caused a lot of damage.

The Oaks then noticed the explosion.

His attack reached 5km far. In the past his attacks reached a little further.

The Oak healers were helping all of the injured Oak soldiers. Although they were trying their best to save them, there were a lot more Oaks then there were healers so sadly they couldn’t help them all. There only hope would be to retreat.

Everything was covered in blood.

“Cough...”

Halcan then quickly stood up from his seat.

Even though their plan failed badly he wasn’t disappointed at all.

The monsters had all been defeated and they were running out of soldiers.

Halcan’s plan was simple.

“Ugh, what do we do now...”

He said to himself.

He knew a human had to be responsible for his plan failing but he wasn’t bothered.

Before the big explosions he could already see that things weren’t going well.

“I knew it.”

Suddenly he remembered something.

Well, more like his body remembered it.

It was stinging feeling on his hand that he had felt before.

“Maybe I should join forces with those humans...”

Halcan decided.

There was nothing else he could do. There was a saying that he learned from Baekrin.

‘Yesterday’s friend is today’s enemy’

Those words didn’t quite fit the situation.

“They’re so stupid!”

He shouted.

“Why didn’t the leaders back at the headquarters do anything to stop this!”

He went up to the control tower and yelled at the controller.

“Everything is ruined!”

“Sofia! The enemies destroyed our soldiers”

Clearly no one was in a good after their failure in the battle...

“Who was that? Obviously it had to have been a powerful hunter but who exactly could it have been...”

Sofia said clearly feeling frustrated over the situation. But, no one had an answer for her question.

A women then walked up to her.

It was one of the SamJeon church’s honorable collateral line families. Her name was ChaeWon. She was in charge of all of the information they had.

“My name is Lim Hyeonah. I am the information advisor. The attack that just happened was done by a hunter with a powerful secret weapon. As we saw it was a missle that attacked everyone. The information we have on him in our profile is that he’s a level 7 hunter.”

Sofia then shouted,

“Ugh! We need to prepare a secret weapon so something like this doesn’t happen ever again!”

“Of course, someone that powerful must be behind this.”

“It’s actually really amazing.”

One of the people in the room said. Sofia then said,

“It’s the bishop”

Hyeonah then stood up out of her seat and shouted,

“We can never let him get away with this!”

“Don’t worry. This was just one failed battle... Also, how do you know who it is?”

Sofia asked and everyone else in the room then also turned to Hyeonah.

It was also the first time they’ve heard anything about a secret weapon.

“Yesterday the logilistics to Justin Point weren’t accurate but that was the same place where I found the Bishop’s secret information file.”

“Really? Well then what’s his name?”

“There was no information on his name in the files. It was just a codename he goes by called “Fatal’.”

Hyeonah explained to them everything that she knew about him.

“His name is ‘Fatal’? That’s a perfect name for him. Hmm, how do you think we can catch him?”

Sofia asked excitedly. Hyeonah then replied,

“I’ve heard that fatal is very popular these days.”

“He’s a good warrior.”

“True, everyone’s a fan of him.”

Sofia never would have thought that he would be able to defeat those savage Oak soldiers but he was able to take care of them with just one weapon. Obviously he had something very rare helping him.

“Okay, we’re going to have to be careful and plan everything based on him next time. Hyeonah, find as much more information on him as you can.”

Sofia said as she looked towards the Oak soldiers.

“They’ve gone through a lot today.”

The Slayer 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 155: Defense Match




Defense Match

“Alright. Be careful.”

“Yes, ma’am!”

The soldiers replied.

“Everyone from the new reinforcements will begin the charge. The gods will bless them with luck.”

“Yes, sir.”

Finally, they were ready to begin the siege.

Beep...

All the Oaks begin to march at the sound of a horn.

Bong... Bong... Bong...

There was the sound of a drum as the wave of Oak soldiers marched towards Justin Point.

It was time for the Oaks to begin another battle.

The Oak leader and the Oak sorcerer casted a spell together.

Whoosh

The dusk of the magic grew bigger and bigger in the palm of their hands.

Bong.. Bong.. Bong..

As the sound of the drum sped up faster and faster the Oaks started to speed up as well.

“Let’s go!”

The wave of Oaks looked like a tsunami heading for Justin Point. No one could stop them. They were surely prepared this time.

Beep! Beep!

“Come on, everyone!”

“Prepare for battle! Prepare for battle!”

Justin Point was about to suffer again.

The Oaks were more prepared than last time but they were still very nervous. All of the weapons that they prepared were very powerful but because they were new they weren’t so good at using them yet.

Since they were preparing for the battle so quickly they only had time to learn the basics of the weapons.

“The Oaks are very tiresome...”

A guy mumbled while looking out of the window at the army of soldiers.

There weren’t any enemies around but everyone was ready for a battle. He reached into his pocket and pulled out something.

He then injected something into his arm.

“Ah.”

After injecting the drug into himself he closed his eyes as his brain went blank. A few seconds later he felt a violently strong battle sense and his eyes shot open. It was just a simple battle feeling but it felt as if all his other feelings were erased and that was all he could feel. The drug was almost something that was given to Oaks soldiers before a battle.

They don’t even consider the side effects after using it.

“Our savior, the gods...”

He said a quick prayer in confidence.

Suddenly, dozens of read beams came flying over his head.

Swoosh

They were flying everywhere causing injuries to the Oaks.

“Ahhh!”

Tons of Oaks were dying at once. It was like an Oak slaughter.

“Gods, be with us!”

“Ahhh!!”

The church members raised their energy force.

#2

Jiijjjiiiiakk!

Arrows begin to show up out of nowhere as if they were waiting for the perfect time of the Oaks approach. Jaehwang even went up a level during all of it. He was happy about it but also didn’t really care because he was only focused on one thing at the moment.

The spirit was standing next to him typing away on her tablet.

“It’s very dangerous... Enter.”

A few minutes after he pressed enter there were answers showing up in the chat room.

“Doesn’t seem like anyone suspects that it’s you. However, a lot of them seems to be getting close. They either have no idea or only know your nickname ‘fatal’. Gosh they’re typing so fast!”

She shouted as she was getting frustrated with reading all of their instant answers.

“Fatal has really been gaining so much popularity these days. They even said that they expected you to come before the last attack.”

The spirit said reading the chat room replied.

“Someone just wrote such a long paragraph... Ugh it’s loading slow. Why is this tablet acting like trash!”

The spirit shouted in frustration. After the tablet unfroze she begin to quickly type again.

She then sent the message and waited for an answer that came in no time.

“It doesn’t matter but if it wasn’t for the media then so many people wouldn’t know you or your nickname. You would have been able to complete your missions in silence.”

“I guess so.”

Jaehwang replied as he was focusing on shooting arrows.

‘Exploding Arrow Shower’

Pong!

Jaehwang was showing double the skills he were shown before.

The Oaks were no match but we’re still putting up a pretty good fight.

Thanks to his new armor ‘Nightmare King’ he was able to continuously attack without worrying about getting badly injured or losing a lot of energy.

He was destroying the Oaks so easily. Mechanically his hand would stop every now and then because the arrows were so heavy.

Pong!

After a short break he then continuously started to launch arrows again.

The Oaks he were fighting were 2 times bigger then the ones he had fought before. They had giant shields to block off the attacks but they were still no match for Jaehwang’s arrows.

“Ugh, I don’t know if we can make it through this.”

An Oak said exhaustingly.

Even though things were difficult they did their best to stay prideful and not surrender.

“Let’s go through that open door...”

Ponggg!

They were stopped the moment they thought of going through the entrance to Justin Point.

The Oaks then decided to go through a secret tunnel opening. As they were making their way through the tunnel they began to feel relieved. However, that didn’t last long. An arrow stabbed into one of them as they were trying to escape through the tunnel.

Only a few seconds after that the other Oaks began to get stabbed by flying arrows.

“Hmm, where do you think their headquarters is hidden?”

Halcan asked as he stood up from his throne.

“I don’t know, sir.”

His secretary replied. Halcan looked at the view of Justin Point as if it was about to be torn to shreds again this time.

“We can’t surrender, we can’t lose...”

He said and waited a moment before finishing his sentence.

“Get my armor and weapons prepared.. I’m going out to war.”

“Yes, sir!”

His secretary said with a bit of a worried expression.

A few minutes later he came back with all of his war gear.

Bong... Bong... Bong...

Other Oaks then showed up by his side. They were much bigger than the others and also looked a little different then the others. Although the weren’t the same as the others they all still had the same weapons.

They were ready to put an end to the war.

“Let’s go.”

Halcan said and they all then walked out of the door with him in the lead.

As they walked across the battle they walked by hundreds of army troops corpse.

Seeing that sight only made him even angrier.

They assumed that the enemies had their most elite troops with them.

However, little did they know it was only one person. Although there were a lot more soldiers on the Oak team they still struggled to succeed.

They couldn’t even attack him once.

But, they were very nervous because they knew that they weren’t as powerful as him. He was obviously a very powerful hunter.

“Leader... Halcan! What are you going to do!”

Sofia shouted.

“I am going to alert the missile management center.”

“Missile management center! Operate the same missile port as before!”

The missile management center immediately went to their control panel and only a few moments later a missile port could be seen in the sky of Justin Point.

A few minutes later the missile port was complete.

“The missile port is ready!”

They finished setting up the missile port and alerted Sofia. Moments later a screen appeared showing Halcan and the others who went along with him. He was marching towards the dangerous ‘Fatal’.

In the Samjeon church he was known as a level 7 hunter but they were never intimidated by him. They that they would definitely be able to get rid of him with the missile.

At first they were jealous of how strong he was but that quickly died down. Now all they wanted was more information on him to better defeat him.

But of course, he wasn’t the most important thing at the moment.

“Even if just Halcan could handle him then that would be great for us.”

Defense Match, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 156: Defense Match 2




#1

Sofia was able to help Halcan with the attack this time. For this she had to use a secret weapon. Halcan would have never ever thought that a human be responsible for such a weapon.

Suddenly, they heard the sound of the army soldiers leader shouting.

“Prepare for the war! Be sure to get your protection armor, everyone!”

When the attack in Justin Point happened they were close to destruction but that only lasted for a little while.

“I want to hurry and see the outcome of this fight.”

Sofia thought. She would then be able to finish working with Halcan... But, her commands haven’t changed.

“Aim every missile at Halcan.”

#2

“So, you came.”

Jaehwang said as he continued to launch arrows like a machine. He could tell that someone was there without even looking.

“Secretary. Awesome.”

The spirit was just walking not looking excited at all.

“Bored?”

Jaehwang asked. The spirit then shook her head and answered.

“Ugh, I’m going insane. This is so boring.”

“We’ll be done here soon...”

Jaehwang replied.

He then begin to shoots the arrows even faster so they could finish up sooner. Thousands of Oaks were lying dead on the ground.

“Wow, it’s already been a few hours.”

“Now we just have exactly two hours left. Let’s try to get through this without a lot of trouble.”

“Sounds good.”

The spirit said in reply to Jaehwang.

“But you don’t have to rush.”

She said trying not to burden him. Jaehwang then suddenly turned his head and saw Halcan. He was with a crowd of Oaks.

“That was the guy who was shooting arrows the last time.”

Halcan said to himself.

It was his fault the Oaks and him almost lost their lives in the fight.

Jaehwang wasn’t paying much attention to them staring at him as he was focusing on shooting arrows. The only thing Jaehwang wanted was to break the friendship between the Oaks and the church members.

Seeing him in person shooting arrows made the Oaks realize how powerful he actually was. They were even more impressed seeing how young he was. It was obviously they couldn’t be him with what they’ve prepared.

“Spirit?”

“What?!”

The spirit answered without looking up from her tablet while eating candy.

“Get ready. It seems I’m about to have something else to do.”

Jaehwang said and the spirit then replied with a surprised expression,

“Another fight?!”

“No, not that...”

“Oh...”

She replied in a bit of a disappointed tone.

The spirit recently got a high level of energy so she was always excited for a fight.

Jaehwang then smiled and said,

“For this you’ll be able to run as fast as you can.”

He said and the spirit seemed to look at least a little less disappointed.

Jaehwang and the spirit chatted about their plan and then quickly headed to Justin Point 3 kilometers away.

Everything was covered with protection prepared for the battle. All of the soldiers were in formation with their weapons in their hands. Jaehwang then shot an arrow into one of them while still staying hidden.

“Ahhhh!!”

One of the soldiers shouted drawing attention to the injury.

In the past Justin Point lost their leader so the Oaks took over his position and Halcan trained preparing himself for another attack so they would never lose again.

Their hearts were beating fast.

Currently the fight between them was with a superhuman archer.

Although he was just a human he put up a good fight.

It was time for him to redeem the place that he treasured.

“Bring the others!. It’s time to attack!”

Pong! Pong! Pong! Pong!

In that moment he began to shoot dozens of arrows at once that went flying all over the place stabbing into the Oak soldiers.

The arrows shot up to a distance of 3 kilometers reaching all of its targets.

Pong! Pongg! Ppong!!

Trails of energy trailed behind the arrows as they flew through the air.

However, it was time for the Oaks to begin their attack.

“Domination attack!”

Their leader shouted and the army of 500 Oak soldiers marched doing their best to avoid the arrows.

“Perfect.”

Their leader Lucan, led the march with a smile on his face.

All of the Oaks followed behind him heading to Justin Point to fight back. It was time to end the battle.

Halcan was fully prepared and on his way. He begin to start running the moment he was close to Justin Point. The second he arrived he started to attack.

Tak! Takk! Tak tak! Takk!

He shot with a machine gun in every direction barely even knowing what he was shooting at.

He then became surrounded in black energy.

The machine gun speed power began to slow down but Halcan refilled it to speed up again.

“They aren’t even going to greet themselves. Has it really come to this?”

He said to himself.

Kwang! Kwang kwang! Kwangg!

He kept shooting with the gun uncontrollably.

Justin Point was becoming a complete mess.

The Oak soldiers weren’t scared as they were actually there with a big surprise for him.

“We have a gift for you! We’ve completed the order!”

“Keep shooting!”

Pong! Pong!!

A missile was in the sky on its way down to Justin Poing. But, it wasn’t just one. There were dozens of them flying in the sky on their way down to the ground.

Originally the missile was supposed to hit into the ground and take out a lot of enemies at once. However, that didn’t go as planned as the missiles were for hunting monsters and could only track down and attack monsters. What an inconvenience.

Everyone was able to run out of the way and avoid the missile.

Swoosh...

The 8 missiles were getting even closer to the ground. There was a number of about 240 and every one of them were going to crash into an Oak. Even Halcan couldn’t find anywhere to hide from them.

Kwang kwang kwang!!! Kwang! Kwang!!!

Not just Halcan or the Oak soldiers leader but the entire neighborhood suffered from the effects of the missiles. Hundreds of them hit the ground one after another causing a huge sonic boom. Because of that explosion hundreds of Oak soldiers and Oaks citizens died.

Even Justin Point obviously suffered a lot.

“Bullseye!”

“Yess!”

The missile control management team members and leader cheered.

Things couldn’t have gone more perfectly. All it took was on missile attack.

The ground shook as if it was a tsunami.

It was a fatal weak point for the Oaks. Their leader died and most of the soldiers and citizens did as well or suffered from terribly severe injuries. The leader for the humans suffered a little too but his injuries were able to be healed.

“We win.”

Sofia said with a smile on her face.

Halcan died and the battle was clearly over.

The church members and Sofia celebrated their victory.

However, Sofia’s co leader started to worry about something.

“Move!”

“What is it?”

Sofia then looked at the screen.

All she could see was a cloud of smoke but as it started to go away a few moments later they saw an Oak with an arrow sticking out of him. There was also a beam of green light shining down on him.

That Oak was Halcan.

“This can be real...”

Sofia said with an angry tone in her voice.

They launched hundreds of missiles. No one should have been able to survive. It was too overwhelming for there to be any survivors.

Everyone in the room was silent and hesitant to make any assumptions so soon. Maybe they could just be seeing things? Or maybe they just made a mistake in their attack.

Halcan was still alive.

Pongg!

Halcan then got up and started to run. He was running for the wall of Justin point. There was then another explosion!

“Get him!”

Pongg!

Halcan’s entire body became covered in black energy as the explosion erupted and he continued to run for the wall.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!!

The moment he reached the wall of Justin Point there was a huge explosion.

Whoosh... Kwang kwang kwang!!! Kwang kwang!!!!

Despite its loud noise the explosion wasn’t so big. However...

The severity of that explosion startled everyone.

All of the dust and smoke caused by it began to slowly clear away.

“Woww! It collapsed!”

“Look out!”

Defense Match 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 157: Hunting for Prey




#1

Justin Point’s wall began to collapse due to the impact from the explosion. Although it wasn’t a harsh explosion it was enough to cause such a disaster.

“Ahhhh! Everyone, put an offering on the altar!”

“Halcan!”

“Go! We have to go without him!

All of the Oaks began to escape to safety.

Their leader was suffering.

They ran as fast as they could and as the wall crashed down behind them.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

As they ran for their lives they realized how useless such a fight was as they were losing the entire city in the process.

Oaks were running close to the very bottom of the wall and close to the very top. The pieces were stacking up like a pyramid as they fell to the ground where the Oaks ran over them.

The church members who were at the top of the wall randomly headed towards the bottom during all of the explosions but were able to climb back up to safety.

On the side of the wall that Halcan was there was an entrance to the other side that Oaks were going through. It was extremely narrow and hot due to flames from the explosions. Many of the Oaks were on fire but that didn’t stop them from running for their lives.

Justin Point was in a crisis...

Someone then appeared on top of the wall.

It was a hunter. Just as they thought who was causing those arrows. Currently Justin Point was filled with 4000 church members overtaking the city. Anyone would think that one human would be no match for them but clearly that was incorrect.

Until now Justin Point was protected and ruled by them but Jaehwang was ready to put that to an end. When the very first attack begin Sofia was standing in the lead.

Behind her was he five minions of church members with weapons in their hands. They would do anything for their precious Sofia.

Takk... Takkk...

Sofia reached out her hand and a small spark came from her palm.

The beginning of that was very weak. However, a few moments later her entire body was covered with sparks exploding everywhere. A few moments after it went on for awhile Sofia spoke.

“Explode.”

Pong! Pong! Pong! Pong!

In the very moment as she spoke the sparks begin to explode and cover the Oaks at the bottom of the wall.

“Ahhh!!”

Pong!

It wasn’t just a simple harmless explosion. It was an electric shock that caused the Oaks at the bottom of the wall lots of pain. The explosion didn’t end there.

Pong! Pong! Pong! Pong!

Instantly hundreds of Oaks were getting injured and even killed by the explosion and in no time all of the injuries and deaths added up to 50.

But, that wasn’t even the beginning of it.

“Burn them!”

Pang! Pang! Pang! Pang!

Giant thunder like streaks began to come out of the palm of her hands. The thunder streaks reached up to almost 50 meters and was enough to reach every Oak that was there.

The church members also helped Sofia by attacking the Oaks while they were down.

They took all of their weapons and their armor.

Pang! Pang! Pang!

Intense clouds of smoke were floating up into the sky. An orange light began to spread across the ground and surround the screaming Oaks.

Swoosh!

Kwang Kwang Kwang! Whooshhh!

Many flames were falling onto the ground... There was a semi big explosion as they fell to the ground killing dozens of Oaks each time.

Kwang Kwang Kwang Kwang!

However, of course the most impactful attack was the missiles.

They launched more missiles and they all began to fall from the sky at random times and powerfully hit to the ground.

The missiles had a high chance of missing the Oaks and not causing any impact but if they hit Halcan then he was sure to not survive.

However, they weren’t do their job very well.

The Oaks continued to run on the wall to escape to the neighborhood with most of them, even Halcan, avoiding the missiles.

Someone else then attacked at them.

Kwang kwang! Kwang Kwang! Kwang Kwang kwang!!

“Ahhhh!”

“Church members!”

“Help us, please!”

The Oaks shouted for help but no one came to their rescue.

As the attacks began to aim at the wall many Oaks died trying to escape.

Sofia watched nervously.

The missiles could have been a big mistake on their part. If Halcan was able to avoid them then they made a big mistake. But, how could he have escaped them? That would be impossible.

“Prepare the nuclear weapon!”

“Yes, ma’am!”

Sofia shouted and one of her minions went to request the weapon to be prepared.

They flew through a special airplane route and retrieved the nuclear weapon and quickly made their way back to the tragic scene.

“There it is.”

Halcan mumbled to himself with an angry look on his face.

There was a special weapon that he found that could help him.

It was something that he remembered receiving training with.

“Darn it! There’s no way this will work.”

He just stared at it on the ground for a moment.

Although he was hesitant he has no choice. It was his last hope.

“Ugh... This won’t be good.”

Maybe if he was still in his throne then it would be easy to simply command it. However, now he was in a different position. He couldn’t just demand things, he had to think through the decision carefully on his own. His life depended on it.

“Huh?”

Halcan then saw something strange.

While he was debating on rather to use his secret weapon or not he saw that the wall had already completely broken down.

It seemed to have been mostly destroyed by lots of arrows that he noticed stuck in the pieces.

There was nothing left of it. He then even noticed a human leisurely standing in the distance. He couldn’t believe it.

The person standing there was still shooting dozens of arrows. It was impossible to count how many there were flying through the air.

How could someone shoot so many arrows so fast?

#2

Swooshhh!

There was an arrow flying towards Jaehwang’s direction. However, instead of hitting him it just flew right by him.

Kwang kwang kwangg! Whoosh! Whoosh!

There was a big explosion followed by loud screams. Jaehwang continued shooting arrows with no interruptions. He didn’t have to move his feet at all. The arrows did all the work along with his strength.

“Let’s take a look now.”

They calculated the locations they haven’t gotten yet and begin to launch some arrows in those directions.

The Oaks were very strong creatures but even they were clearly no match for Jaehwang’s archery talent.

-Your accuracy rate is good, your strength is good and your speed is the same as usual.

-Okay. So how will my level increase if I keep going like this?

His speed would have usually slowed down by now but everything was still going good.

But, those Oaks were very far away so that made things a little more difficult but despite that he still wasn’t too worried.

It wasn’t the same as trying to capture a monster.

That fact was very obvious. Catching a monster would take a lot more strength and effort.

“Take it easy.”

Jaehwang was killing hundreds of Oaks. It was just that he didn’t have to use such intense attacks like ‘Arrow Shower’ to do that. Just the simple arrow attack would be more than enough.

He then took the spirit’s advice and started to take it easy.

As Halcan watched from the distance he was surprised to see that Jaehwang was a bit of a cautious person.

Halcan then suddenly started to walk towards him.

But, the moment he got close to him.

Bong! Kiikiikk

Hundreds of arrows began to fly all over the place.

Pieces of the wall were still falling and other pieces that were already on the ground were exploding into smaller pieces due to arrows flying into them. Jaehwang stood from a high safe place watching everything.

“It lasted for a long time.”

His speed started to slow down but the impact of the arrows didn’t. He was ready to just stand and watch. Halcan then got close enough to see his face a little.

-Spirit?

-Huh?

-You ready?

-Yes!

The spirit said excitedly.

-The goal is the same as before.

-I’m ready!

The spirit replied. Jaehwang then prepared to launch another arrow.

-Okay?

-Yes!

‘Unique Moving Arrow’

Whoosh!

The arrow then flew up into the sky. There was a light of red energy around the arrow. It was the spirit. She was helping by making the speed of the arrow much faster than usual. Jaehwang’s ‘Moving arrow’ was already his fast arrow so with the help of the spirit it was even more fast and powerful.

After flying way up into the air the arrow came flying down towards the ground.

The spirit then left go of the arrow.

A few Oaks noticed the arrow coming towards them but it was already too late by then. The arrow was flying to the ground at the speed of light.

The spirit’s hands then became engulfed with energy as she continued to focus her strength on the arrow.

She then made a giant dense shield to block Jaehwang from getting affected by the attack.

“Ahhh!!”

“We have to find cover, everyone!”

“Hey! It’s that girl again!”

As the spirit stood in the distance completing her part of the attack some of the Oak soldiers recognized her from when they saw her at the Daehyeon clan’s party that day.

Jiiijjjiiiikkk!

The arrow was covered in energy being controlled by the spirit’s power. The moment the arrow reached the ground there was a huge explosion.

“Ahhhh!!!!”

Pongg!!!

Hunting for Prey, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 158: Hunting for Prey 2




#1

The Oaks had to find more support to protect them. With all the arrows flying all over the place there was nowhere for them to hide. Many of their soldiers were already or suffering from severe injuries. Jaehwang and the spirit watched them suffer with no mercy.

“How refreshing. It is a little sad. If they had just done a little better then maybe they could’ve made it through it.”

The spirit continued making the arrows power stronger.

“Let’s keep this going.”

Jiiijjiiijiiikkkak!

Her power surrounded the arrows as they attacked the Oaks.

“Ahhh!”

They shouted in pain. Dozens of Oaks were dying at a time with the attack of each arrow.

They were helpless. With Jaehwang and the spirit working together they were unstoppable.

Nothing could protect the Oaks. Even their shields were useless.

“Ahhh!”

“Find safety everyone! The enemy is after us!”

The Oak healer shouted for everyone to take shelter but there was nowhere to hide from the spirit’s power. Surrendering seemed to be the best option for them but they were too prideful. Jaehwang continued to shoot arrows as the spirit continued to make them even more powerful than they already were.

“This is great.”

The spirit said looking over at Jaehwang shooting arrows.

She couldn’t see exactly what was going on with all the action that was happening but she could see that the number of Oaks were dropping.

Jaehwang’s plan was going very well.

His arrow attacks couldn’t be completely blocked by their giant shields due to big impact effects. They couldn’t think of any way to defend themselves.

[3214exp]

[2132exp]

[5211exp]

“Everything’s going great over here.”

The spirit said to Jaehwang. She was finally able to put her new advanced high level energy to use. It was just what they needed to properly execute their plan.

After just eating chocolate everyday and watching dramas on the tablet she was happy to finally join in on a fight.

She did use a little magic a few times but that was something simple for her unlike joining in on a fight which actually took effort. Jaehwang was even leveling up faster than before.

“Good, everything’s going great over here too.”

Jaehwang replied. He was still holding up well with being able to continuously launch arrows. Halcan was still watching in shock at how powerful he was. He was so distracted by his power that he wasn’t even thinking that he was the reason their soldiers were dropping like flies.

#2

Whoooshh!

There was a sparkle in Jaehwang’s eye as he launched the arrows.

‘Exploding Arrow Shower’

Dozens of arrows then begin to fall from the sky at once. Jaehwang was shooting them at full speed as if he was a machine.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Pong! Pong! Pong!

“Ahhhhh!”

The arrows were falling on to the Oaks like an intense rain shower. Explosions were everywhere.

Arrows for the arrow shower attack shot randomly.

Although it was useless the Oaks did not give up on trying to shield themselves from the attack. They had lots of battle experience but those arrows were obviously something they’ve never encountered before.

Jaehwang’s status window then showed up. He was currently at Rank B on level 6. When his level reached 10 he would be able to move up a rank again.

Up until now he’s been waiting to reach rank A but he still had more work to do until he reached his goal.

The spirit then sensed danger coming Jaehwang’s way. She looked over towards him and saw something quickly approaching him.

Before whatever it was could get close to Jaehwang something stopped it.

A missile suddenly showed up from the direction of Justin Point.

Shortly after that another one soon came towards Jaehwang’s way.

However, Jaehwang seemed to already sensed it coming near him and he didn’t look concerned at all.

“Wheu...”

He took a deep breath and shot another arrow.

There was more power put into that one.

-Spirit?

-Yes?

-Let’s make this one a little stronger.

-Okay!

She answered excitedly.

[Unknown energy +5 Increase.]

[Unknown energy power +1000 Increase.]

[Unknown energy healing power 30 Percent Incease.]

[Unknown energy skill attack power 50 Percent Increase.]

The spirit was at her strongest point. Her power had increased so now her attack would be much stronger than before.

A 50 percent increase!

That was not an easy thing to achieve. She was prepared for more action than ever.

Whoosh!

The arrow with her power added to it flew through the air like and ranging wave in the sea. She added just enough extra power for what they needed.

“Wow!”

Jaehwang stood and watched. Even he was amazed at what they did. It was the perfect plan for the missile in the sky.

“Don’t let it reach the ground.”

‘Moving Strong Arrow.’

Ponggg!!!!!

The arrow fell from the sky and hit the ground creating a gigantic explosion. The giant pillar nearby was completely engulfed in fire.

Kwanggg!! Kwang! Kwang!

Everything was going just as they planned. The pillar was what Jaehwang was aiming for. He used the ‘Strong Moving Arrow’ to get the exact results that he had in mind for the explosion.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

It was an arrow explosion like never before. Halcan could barely even protect himself from it. It was that strong. The explosion caused a lot of dust to appear covering the entire area.

Later the dust cleared away and they were able to see the neighborhood. The explosion caused a giant hole in the ground that was up to 40 meters deep. Everyone was covered in blood from injured and dead Oaks.

“What the heck...”

The Oaks faces were covered in fright. Even the Oaks sorcerer felt scared after seeing Jaehwang’s attack and its effects.

All of the remaining soldiers were frozen in shock. Their leader had fled the scene only worrying for his own safety.

All of the other Oaks were even covered in the blood of the others that splattered everywhere during the attack.

Even their helmets were barely enough to protect them from the flames.

“This can’t be.”

One of the Oaks said. They couldn’t fight back with any of their prepared attacks. They weren’t nearly enough to compete with. They were in complete confusion on what to do.

Despite every that had already happened he still did not want to surrender. Besides, there was something they had up their sleeve that he couldn’t wait to try out.

“Run!”

One of the Oaks shouted but it was already too late.

Something was coming there way at an extremely fast speed. There were a lot of missiles flying through the sky heading towards them.

“Ahhh!”

“Ahh! It burns!”

Flares of firing were falling down everywhere.

As Jaehwang watched the chaos he noticed that his level had gone up. He smiled and then shot another arrow. He went for another intense arrow attack.

Kwang Kwang Kwang Kwang!

“What is it?”

One of the church members wondered about all of the exploding attacks. Halcan was having a difficult time trying to keep safe from all of the chaos. As he was running for his life something then passed by his head but he didn’t even think about stopping to see what it was.

He needed to get his Justin Point helmet.

‘Darn it. I have to hurry.’

He headed for where the wall used to be to get his armor helmet. He hesitated going through the broken wall for a moment but it was very important that he got his helmet.

“The gods will help us!”

The church members began to rush towards Halcan. He continued to run ignoring the pain in his arms and legs. He knew that their attack wouldn’t even cause a scratch on him but he was in a rush. Their attempt to interrupt him just annoyed him. The church members were normally really annoying creatures.

“This is tiring...”

Halcan soon became exhausted. But he didn’t want to stop as every time he looked around and he could only see things getting worse.

Whoosh... Kwang kwang... Kwang kwang!

“Ahh! It’s collapsing!”

“Look out!”

Halcan lost his balance as he was running and fell leaving to become buried in fallen bricks from the wall. Soon he found himself in complete silence. He smiled and then quickly dug his way out with his bare hands.

“Where in the world is that thing?”

He said as he walked and looked around everywhere. No one could have already taken it. It felt as if he had reached a dead end.

Suddenly he began to get suspicious and wonder how powerful could Sofia actually be.

Hunting for Prey 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 159: Hunting for Prey 3




#1

“Get ready to protect yourself from the explosion. We’re running out of time.”

Sofia said.

“But the church members are still in there...”

Jiijjiijjiiakk!

Of all her minions there was only one left by her side after all of the chaos. They weren’t completely sure what happened to them but they had a good idea of what could have happened.

There was no way to save Justin Point. However, this was the best chance for the monsters to escape to earth without anyone paying much attention.

The explosion reached everywhere, on the outside and the inside. Justin Point was completely destroyed. All they could do now is escape and try to save themselves.

“The explosions are getting worse!”

Everything was only getting stronger. There was nowhere that wasn’t covered in fire.

The chief of the control team was extremely worried. He looked into the control panel to try and find somewhere for them to escape through. His hands were shaking as he pressed the buttons. He found an exit they could leave through to get outside of Justin Point but there could possibly be explosions there too.

“We have one minute! Hurry, we have to get to the outside.”

The control panel co leader shouted anxiously.

Only one minute. Things were still severe even outside of Justin Point but it was their best chance to escape to safety. In one minute it would be too late for them to even try to escape. He was only becoming more worried as the seconds went by.

His teeth were chattering in nervousness and his hands were sweating as he looked at the clock.

“Escape!”

“Escape, hurry!”

He shouted and everyone ran out to the outside. If they were just even a little late then they would have been doomed.

“It’s a human!”

One of the Oaks shouted al lof a sudden.

Kwang kwang!

The explosions were still happening and things were flying everywhere. It was extremely dangerous.

Takk! Tak!

The Oaks did their best to stay safe while running and quickly escape into the hole to the earth for safety. Soon more and more of them were able to reach the hole to escape.

All they had was that one focus on mind. Safety

#2

“Ugh!”

Jaehwang was still in Justin Point finishing up. He then turned his head to the wall that was on fire. The ‘Nightmare King’ armor he had was protecting him from getting hurt. Without that he would have been in danger.

Kwang Kwang Kwang Kwang!!!

The explosions were going on continuously. An orange light covered everything as the flames reached even higher. Jaehwang stood in place watching the scene. He took a look at the dead Oaks lying down on the ground of the neighborhood.

“Wheu”

He took a deep breath as he watched all of the buildings in the neighborhood were burning down in all of the fire.

Even Jaehwang didn’t expect for it to be like that. It wasn’t his intention to destroy everything like that. The fire was so big it reached up to 20 meters tall and the explosion covered 700 meters of ground.

“I got it!”

Suddenly he remembered something and quickly rushed to get the tablet.

He entered the chat room and there were a few new messages. After reading them all Jaehwang took a deep breath of relief.

The messages were replies saying that they were able to escape to a safe place away from the Justin Point. Jaehwang wouldn’t know what to do if they had not been able to make it out alive.

“Thank goodness.

Jaehwan said with a sigh of relief.

The Oaks who were still in Justin Point woke up feeling dizzy.

All of them were covered with armor so they weren’t too injured but they must have fainted after a big explosion.

“Huh...”

They were relieved to still be alive despite the situation. However, they became angry as they looked up to see Jaehwang.

“It’s him!”

“What do you want?”

The Oaks said in an angry tone. They knew that he was the one who killed their leader. Although they were angry they then started to run away from Jaehwang. They never thought that they would encounter him in person. All of them then ran too close to a building that had another explosion near it.

Pong!!

The building began to collapse and the Oaks flew back. Jaehwang was still unable to meet who he was looking for as a part of his plan. He expected for the person to be very powerful but he wasn’t afraid to face him.

That guy wouldn’t be an easy fight. Jaehwang knew that both of them had a good chance of defeating the other. So, that’s why he didn’t plan any simple attacks. He put his trust into his hunting weapons and his smart thinking. He was going to fight with his mind.

“I am not your enemy.”

“I don’t see it. But, you are very powerful.”

One of the Oaks said in reply to Jaehwang. Everything was still exploding in front of their eyes. Of course they couldn’t trust him.

“So annoying.”

“Get away from us!”

Jaehwang wasn’t in a rush to get out of there. He himself was very powerful and with the spirit by his side he knew he wouldn’t get hurt.

“I understand.”

Jaehwang then handed the tablet to one of the Oaks. after reading a few of the messages form the chat room they handed it back to him.

-Where’s the leader of the chat room?

Shortly after that another message showed up in the chat room.

-the leader as arrived at command center.

-Let’s go. Set a trap for the other Oaks...

-Good idea. They’ll send me the location information in a few minutes.

-Okay. Be careful.

-Don’t worry, I will.

Jaehwang received the location information and quickly put the tablet away to get going. He definitely had to use his head for the next attack. Oaks were different and very smart creatures.

Kwang!

His attacks were very noticeably more amazing than Jaehwang’s. A giant building exploded and some of the pieces flew towards Jaehwang.

“Ah!”

Fragments were stabbing into him.

There were a few wounds left on him from that and previous injuries during all the chaos. He then looked over at the Oaks who were laughing at him.

“You’re laughing? Do you want me to hit you?”

The Oaks didn’t seem recognize english so well as they were just strange creatures.

“Going up against you was a much more serious decision than we thought.”

One of the Oaks said. Jaehwang then took off his helmet and the Oak just tilted his head looking a bit confused. They’ve never seen his face up close before so it was unrecognizable. They noticed that there was not even a scratch on his face after all of this.

However, the reason for that was simple. It all because of the ‘Nightmare King’ armor.

‘Password’

Swoosh

Jaehwang then suddenly disappeared.

“That idiot. He’s trying to run from us.”

#3

“This is ridiculous!”

Halcan said shouting at someone. He then quickly calmed himself down to think.

“Come with me! That human is going to get what he deserves!”

Pong pong pong pong!!

Fragments were still flying all over the place in the never ending chaos but that was now the least of their problems.

Somehow there was something he missed as they saw the sight.

However it was too late for ny regrets. Halcan planned to follow his hunting sense until he reached his destination.

It looked like a place that the humans resided in but it also looked like a building that he had seen before.

Pong pong pong!!

They then heard the sound of an explosion behind them in the distance right before missiles came flying past them.

“Those humanas must have so many weapons on their side.”

He said to himself. They had almost nothing to fight back with.

“Wow, a lot of soldiers died.”

Halcan said looking at all the dead bodies on the ground.

There was a lot of damage. It was nothing compared to the last Justin Point catasphie. Suddenly he felt something crash into him.

“Ah!”

Because of his protection he wasn’t as hurt as he could have been without it but he still felt a staggering pain. The attack was very sudden. He then looked into the distance and saw something that looked a lot like that human guy. It seemed that he was holding some spoon shaped object in his hand.

“Ugh, that idiot...”

He escaped like a cowardly rat during the attack... He wondered how strong could he be to do something like that?

Pong pong pong!

“Huh”

Tiitiitiikkk!

That human guy launched strong arrows but that wasn’t a threat to him.

Halcan could easily dodge them. Although he could easily avoid it, he couldn’t just ignore him and let him off the hook.

“He’ll get what he deserves. I promise.”

Halcan said to himself. He gathered the two of his hands thinking about how strong they were. It was actually the first time he fought on his own instead of ordering someone else to do it. There was a few weapons he had with him that he could use.

Swoosh swoosh swooshh

Three more arrows came flying his way but Halcan jut easily dodged them again. Suddenly he then started to charge towards the human.

Whoosh

He swiftly ran through the air but unfortunately, it didn’t work out as he planned.

Energy was overflowing out of him. He didn’t use so much energy often but for this he had to be sure that his attack would work.

“Is that enough?!”

Halcan’s hands and feet were covered with energy power as he ran towards the enemy.

Tangg!

“Die!”

He shouted. However, Jaehwang dodged him and disappeared again.

“Stupid human!”

He shouted in anger.

That guy wasn’t even a soldier. Of course he knew if Jaehwang heard that he would make him say it again and then start a fight.

Jaehwang wasn’t a soldier, he was a just a hunter.

However, the meaning between the two was a bit similar in their communities so many soldiers and hunters were close. Obviously Halcan wasn’t running so fast only to attack Jaehwang, he was still running from the burning building fragments.

How long has it been? After all the running he couldn’t tell how much time had passed by.

Halcan then suddenly felt strange. This could just be a trick to lure him into a trap. Why else would Jaehwang have not escaped yet. He was making him run around in circles.

Halcan was very smart and self aware. But very late to it.

Suddenly he discovered something on the ground.

Pong pong pong!!

“Ahhh!”

It was the first time that Halcan scream loudly in terror.

He could feel the strong impact that he couldn’t feel before thanks to his armor.

Before he knew it he was flying way up into the air due to the explosion.

“Bullseye!”

Jaehwang said watching from the ground.

“Ahhhh!”

Halcan continued to fly way up into the sky with no signs of coming down yet.

Hunting for Prey 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 160: Hello, Old Enemy




#1

“Wow, isn’t it amazing.”

Jaehwang continued to watched him fly into the air. The other Oaks stopped walking and watched in amazement.

All kinds of weapons were available in Justin Point.

“Is this really happening?”

They wonder if they were just dreaming. He was flying up to 10 meters high. Jaehwang’s attack planned worked perfectly. There were still lots of missiles flying around the air where Halcan was but lucky for him that he hadn’t been hit by any of them.

Jaehwang was actually the one who sent those missiles to attack the Oaks. but along with everything else going on there wasn’t much of a difference using the missiles. The Oaks were good at dodging them.

However, his attack this time was just perfect.

It really did a lot of damage.

They were very angry.

Jaehwang wanted to get rid of the Oaks so he could take Justin Point back. To achieve that he needed to think smarter to get rid of the Oaks as getting rid of the church members were much easier.

The church members left the instant that Justin Point began to get attacked. But, the Oaks stuck around prepared to fight.

The Oaks also had control of all the equipment in Justin Point and was not going to give it up easily. Compared to the church members they were clearly more stubborn and not willing to let go so easily.

But the most important thing was that if he was able to capture the Oaks then that would count as experience. That was actually the most important thing that he needed.

He looked down at the tablet in his hands and typed something.

-Escape

There were 5 soldiers left. If they were to leave now then they could make it out without bing harmed.

The spirit that that maybe if they fought together then she would have time to eat in at times during the fight.

“Fight well.”

Jaehwang said before he disappeared again. The Oaks then looked around looking for where he could have gone.

Their hunter sense wasn’t good enough to guarantee their safety. Jaehwang sneaked around using his special hiding skills to hunt them down with his expert skills.

Jaehwang then showed up out of nowhere and attacked.

Kwang kwang kwangg!!!

“Ahhhhh!”

He set up an explosion that exploded behind them causing fragments to hit them in the back of their heads. The Oaks scream in pain still unable to see where Jaehwang was.

Fire was everywhere blocking them so they couldn’t even run away.

The nearby building exploded and the Oaks tried their best to avoid getting hit by any flying fragments or fire flares.

“Of course, the Oaks are good at surviving difficult situations.”

Jaehwang said to himself.

However, they were getting slight burn injuries from being so close to all of the fire.

The color of the fire wasn’t the color fire usually was known to be. In Justin Point there was a hidden explosive system on the outside. Jaehwang must have been using it.

The Oaks decided that it was time to toughen up and fight back. But, even if they went outside to the secret weapons there was still a chance that they wouldn’t make it.

The flares of the fire must have been what was causing the secret explosives to erupt.

Jaehwang then had the best barricode.

As if he was waiting for the morning subway he slaughtered the Oaks within minutes.

Deukdeuk...

He smiled as he was about to shoot an arrow.

It was time to hunt. The Oaks were running around like crazy panicking.

“Let’s do this.”

#2

“Wheu....”

Halcan took a few deep breaths in and out.

He could feel a sense of enervation within himself.

Minutes have passed by and he was still flying through the air. He felt as if he was going to go crazy up there.

Didn’t even know how long it had been so far.

Blood started to come out of his mouth.

“Ugh, I’m bleeding.”

A lot of time must have gone by.

When he got back down to the ground he planned to get his revenge. He was going to become a better warrior.

The warriors he planned to recruit weren;t just normal everyday Oaks. they were much stronger than them. Before facing death they put up a good fight. Only if their opponent manage to defeat them. All of them were very experienced.

Halcan was one of them.

He wiped the blood off of his face and held onto his head with his right hand.

Soon he started to get annoyed. He didn’t even know the name of that human but he was so popular for his power. It was annoying.

At first did really want to take up a challenge with him but then he thought that he should maybe change his mind about it. Maybe it wasn’t a good choice to pick a fight with him at the moment.

Halcan thought to himself.

He thought that it would be a better idea to capture Sofia since she was the only person who was actually after him.

It was time to get rid of the human in his way.

It was time for another win.

“Ahhhhhhh!!”

He shouted as he finally began to fall towards the ground.

A few moments later he finally landed on the ground severely but still in good condition thanks to his armor

“Finally.”

He wiped the blood off of his face again and looked around.

That human was definitely a powerful person. He almost even more annoying than Sofia’s escort. Thank goodness he wasn’t going against him.

After stopping to think for a moment he figured that maybe he needed a better plan to even capture Sofia.

In that moment Halcan then remembered someone.

He didn’t know about his pride as a warrior but he was the strongest among the two humans.

Suddenly he felt a tingle and an arrow quickly flew by his head.

It was him...

“Of course, he found me.”

Halcan said to himself and turned around. The moment he turned around and saw Jaehwang he felt a wave of fear go through him.

“What the heck is he doing following me everywhere.”

He asked himself. What could he have planned? It seemed that everything was planned to perfection.

The location and timing was always just right for him to make his attack.

Kwang! Kwang!

Jaehwang shot another arrow sending him flying into the air again.

This time instead of flying through the air for some time he hit into a wall.

Because he was feeling a bit dizzy and couldn’t completely tell what he wa seeing, he couldn’t believe it.

“What the heck?”

#3

-Hey, hey. Take it easy.

-Should I?

Jaehwang said replying to the spirit.

She could see that he was being a bit too harsh with the attacks on the Oak. However, Jaehwang wanted to show him who’s boss.

But, he did go a little bit easier on him when shooting the next arrow.

After that he disappeared again. Just as he wished his level percentage had gone up to rank B, 10/9 level, 10,000,000/923,500exp. He was so close to reaching rank A.

“Ahhhh!!”

The Oak scream at the painful arrow attack.

Jaehwang was so close to victory. There were still lots of Oaks left but he was handling them well. He was mostly focusing on getting experience so his level could continue to increase.

-Everything’s going great.

-Yes.

The spirit replied.

Increasing his level wasn’t the only thing he was aiming for

He was also looking forward to his skills to increase.

Jaehwang then flew towards where the Oaks were again. He didn’t plan to escape back to earth anytime soon. There was so much he still needed to do in Justin Point.

Wherever he looked there were slaughtered Oaks all over the place.

Suddenly he heard a strange sound. As he got closer to the noise he saw that there were bunches of Oaks running around trying to avoid the fires. There were so many to hunt.

The Oaks that were gathered in Justin Point started to run but Jaehwang just walked like normally. He was a bit tired just seeing how many they were. Compared to him the Oaks could run much faster.

After a short rest Jaehwang finally got up again.

It was time.

“Wheu...”

He took a deep breath and got out his arrow. This time it was a simple and smaller than usual arrow. Instead of shooting dozens at a time he decided to be a little more cautious this time.

-Can you help out a bit with this one?

-Sure.

The spirit gladly replied to Jaehwang’s request.

He slowly pulled the arrow back and launched it.

As he launched the arrow he could feel the energy flowing through him. It was a small and simple arrow but it wasn’t a simple launch.

‘Magic Arrow’

As soon as he activated the skill it was like he became a new person.

Usually humans couldn’t handle the power when using a skill like that. It took a lot of strength to use. However, it made the arrow powerful and surely unstoppable.

Jiijjiiijjjiikk...Jiiijjjiiijikkk... Pang pang pang!

As the arrow flew through the air it became surrounded by mysterious energy. It was covered in a bright white light. Jaehwang had never seen anything like it before. As the arrow was still flying to the air building up its energy Jaehwang began to become weak and get tired.

-Ah, I’m a little tired. Spirit, can you help finish this off?

-Okay.

The spirit then used her strength to try to finish building up the power of the arrow. However, that wasn’t even enough.

They were saving all their energy to finish hunting all of those Oaks but they couldn’t imagine that using the magic arrow would take up so much energy.

-This would usually be enough for any other arrow I’ve used.

Jaehwang gave up on using the arrow.

Maybe it would have been a good idea to test before hand. But it wasn’t that he just couldn’t use it. Even though he stopped during the middle of the process it was still able to be used.

It didn’t have as much power as it should have but the energy that it already gathered was very strong as it was.

It was time.

Swoosh... Pangg!

It was Jaehwang’s most powerful skills but without the right build up the effects weren’t the same. But the speed didn’t slow down. The arrow flew at the speed of light right before the Oaks eyes.

Hello, Old Enemy, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 161: Hello, Old Enemy 2




#1

Jiijjiiikkiik

Suddenlyhe felt something on his shoulder.

It must have been a sign of something dangerous about to happen. He could feel the energy rushing through him.

He turned his head and he briefly saw the arrow quickly fly right by him.

Halcan didn’t have any armed weapons with him to protect himself. But, somehow he must have gotten lucky.

The arrow went right past him.

Crashh!!!

A loud explosion erupted as the arrow crashed. Halcan became covered in fragments from the explosion. Although he was in pain he was amazed at what he just saw.

Jiiijjjiiikk... Jiijjiikkk

The arrow then started to make a strange sound. Just then a painfully bright white light appeared cover the entire area.

Pongg!!

The arrow and everything around then broke into dozens of small pieces flying all over the place.

How could one simple arrow do something like that?...

“Ahhhh!!!”

Halcan shouted in fright. He gathered his two hands together and focused on them. Soon black energy started to form in his hands. Then...

Pongg!!

The moment he tried to get close to the arrow it exploded.

“Ahhh!”

A light started to emit from a pendant necklace he was wearing.

It was a necklace that Baekren gave him when both of them parted ways. She gave it to him to help make him stronger and to block monsters away. A black light began to come out of the pendant and shine onto the arrow.

With the two of the energies mixing together they made an even stronger energy light. And...

POng!

The pendant exploded into tiny little pieces flying everywhere.

“Nooo!!”

Halcan scream. That pendant meant the world to him. There was no way he could fix it or anything. He was torn. The arrow then started to make strange noises again.

Jjjiijjiiikkiikk!

Halcan was already regretting everything.

He wished he just stayed out of the fight.

Everything was being ruined because of his greed. The arrow wasn’t even done yet. It still seemed to be in the process of something.

“Ahhhh!!”

Halcan screamed again and tried to quickly run away to find safety.

Pong!!

The explosion caused him to fly into the air and then crash into the ground.

Luckily, he didn’t die. But, he was feeling a sharp pain in his right arm.

#2

“Wheu”

Jaehwang kneeled down on his knees and watched the sight.

He was completely exhausted after using all his energy on that arrow.

-Wow, that takes a lot.

The spirit said.

-You’re still alive?

Jaehwang asked. It seemed as if she died but after hearing her voice he couldn’t believe that she was still alive.

-Of course I am. It was a pretty intense process but I’m fine.

The spirit replied.

A lot of the Oaks did die from the attack. Just as they planned.

Blood was everywhere.

-I’m still not too good at this.

Jaehwang said. Instead of feeling sad there was then a smile on his face. He still had a long way and needed the spirit by his side every step of the way.

The Oaks seemed to be pretty much defeated. All of them were bleeding severely. Fragments were piled up on the ground everywhere.

Even the Oak leader, Halcan, couldn’t fight back. But Jaehwang was surprised when he realized that he was still alive. How could he have survived that attack?

Jjjiiikkkiik

Something beside Halcan began to start making a strange noise. It was the same sound that the arrow made during the attack. Something then came walking out from behind the mess the chaos made. They were carrying a big backpack on their back. The person looked around as if she was wondering where he was. It was Baekrin. The moment she looked and saw Halcan she ran towards him excitedly.

“How did this happen!”

Baekrin asked as she looked at Halcan in shock.

The pendant he was given was made to protect him from all harm and danger that he encountered. Baekrin couldn’t believe it when he saw him. How could this happen to him. He knew Halcan as a very strong person so seeing him in such a situation was very surprising.

“You need healing, fast!”

She said and rushed to heal him. A bright light emitted from out of her hands and surrounded Halcan. Other Oaks were trying to get Baekrin’s attention so she could heal them but she was only focused on Halcan.

“Darn it. It’s not just any normal wound.”

She said after trying to heal him but nothing was working the way she wanted.

At first she thought it would be a wound that would be easy to heal. However, it was much more severe than she thought.

“What is going on here?!”

Baekrin said in surprise after looking around some more. She saw a young adult male with long hair standing there. He had a beautiful face. He was wearing earrings, a necklace, a bracelet and rings on his fingers. He appeared all of a sudden out of thin air.

“Who are you?”

There was a paper in his hand that he dropped on the ground. Halcan then picked up.

“We have to analyze this.”

It was time to take a rest from the fight.

-Stop them!

He shouted. Baekrin then tilted her head and asked,

-Why not?!

-You have to go! Please! Get out of here! He’s coming back! That guy is coming!

Halcan was afraid that Jaehwang was coming back to attack him again. He didn’t want Baekrin anywhere near him fearing that she would get hurt. If anything was to happen to her he would never be able to forgive himself.

-It’s not safe here. Hurry, escape!

He continued to beg her to escape. He could feel that he was coming back to attack again.

Goosebumps started to show up on his arms.

What his ancestors told him was right. He was going to show up one day. Unfortunately, he was not prepared for it.

-I can’t leave you here alone like this.

Baekrin said. She was determined to stay by his side no matter what.

-You can’t stay here! It’s too dangerous! I’ll handle it, you need to leave. It’s not safe for you to be near me!

Halcan said with a terribly worried tone in his voice.

But, Baekrin had already decided that she was staying and she stuck by that decision.

She was not going to just leave him to die.

She then looked around and noticed something.

“The secret weapon!”

It was on the ground covered in fragments.

-How did this happen?

-I’m telling you, someone’s after me.

It had clearly been through a lot but there wasn’t even a scratch on it. It was basically invincible.

-He probably doesn’t know that you’re here so you have time to escape.

Halcan said trying his best to make her leave before something terrible happened again. But of course she denied that again.

-I’m not going to leave you. Let’s take a look at this.

She said picking up the secret weapon.

#3

Jaehwang tilted his head as he wondered why he could feel the energy of more Oaks.

He was surrounded by lots of them but he couldn’t find them. Thankfully the spirit was able to track them down when he was ready to hunt them.

Their movements were very careful and quiet.

-They’re seem to be very skilled.

The spirit said.

-Them?

-Yea. I can feel it. I finally found them! Just the person we were looking for.

The spirit said and Jaehwang’s eyes opened wide in shock. They finally found who they were searching for all this time.

His heart suddenly started racing. It’s been so long since they last faced him.

-Are you sure?...

Jaehwang asked and the spirit was certain of her senses. Jaehwang would have to fight face to face with one of the powerful ancestors. He’s been spending a long time preparing. There was no way that he could lose.

He then briefly checked his skill status window.

Energy Level: 1900/12,000

-Darn it. That’s not enough.

Although his energy level went up during the fight with the Oaks it still wasn’t enough. Even the spirit wasn’t fully prepared. He needed to rest and let himself recharge.

Jaehwang thought that maybe it was time to practice using the magic arrow.

He was very disadvantaged in various ways.

-Can’t you just go?

The spirit said. Jaehwang shook his head and replied,

-I’m not ready. I have to wait first.

-Use a spell so you can escape!

-Spells are blocked. And if they’re not then they can be tracked.

-I see. You have to be really careful fighting against him.

The spirit said and Jaehwang nodded his head in agreement. He wasn’t sure about what to expect at all but he was going to prepare as much as he could.

-Well, first let’s go over there and make a plan and rest.

-Okay.

They went over to a place where they could rest and think. Jaehwang took off the ‘Nightmare King’ armor and discussed a plan with the spirit.

[Armor Set ‘Nightmare King Set’ Complete.]

[Set Effects]

[Energy used refilled by 30 percent.]

[Attack Strength refilled by 20 percent.]

After a few minutes of resting the armor set was successfully recharging.

Now that its strength had refilled again it’s attacks would be more powerful than they were when he was exhausted.

-The Oaks should be out of our way now. I haven’t noticed any nearby.

-Really?

Jaehwang asked in reply and the spirit nodded her head confirming the news. If the Oaks were dead then that means their plan was finished successfully.

If Jaehwang still weren’t so tired he could cheer.

-That’s a relief. If this plan goes well then I should be fine in this fight.

Jaehwang said. They just had to hope for everything to go well.

-Yea! He’s gonna get it!

The spirit said telling off the ancestor. Jaehwang then smiled.

But, he felt disappointed. He couldn’t let the spirit help him fight this time. This time he had to do it on his own.

-Now we just relax here.

Jaehwang said with a smile on his face. Waiting was like a hunters’ best friend.

Hello, Old Enemy 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 162: An Exchange




Whooshhh

There was a strange silence that covered the entire Justin Point.

Oak soldiers and citizens were still heading towards Justin Point but they had to be very careful. They heard a loud scream but there was no way to tell where it could have come from.

“Ahhhhh! There’s someone in the neighborhood!”

Baekrin and Halcan were wondering if it could have the enemy he faced earlier. Baekren and him had been close for a long time. After knowing him for a long time she could just look at him and tell what he was thinking.

Baekren stayed by his side to help him just in case the person that attacked him came back again.

Of course they weren’t going to just stay waiting around for him to come back. They went to meet their leader to talk with him.

-I need to talk to the human just once. If he listens to what I have to say then maybe he can come here by tomorrow morning and we can sort this out. I’m sure I can convince him.

-That’s funny. He won’t come. Even if you’re bleeding to death or crying he’ll still keep hunting you down.

-I know but, I have to do something...

-I don’t know.

-Me either but I’m 83 now. I’ve experienced a lot by now. I know that these things aren’t going to be easy.

-You’re 83 but you still read comics.

-Of course. How can I let those go? Haha

Baekren replied with a laugh. He couldn’t believe it but he was 83 years old.

-This is difficult

-You need to rest. Don’t worry too much.

-Sigh. Between all the Oaks that are running, are the ones in armor in danger too?

-Even if there’s tens of thousands of Oaks at once there’s still no use.

-Aren’t you over estimating this person?

-You don’t understand. Listen closely. He’s the last line connected to your ancestors...

-I know.

Baekren answered after he mentioned her past ancestors.

It was on that day. She was going to get something special to remember the soldiers. Even back then she went to the comic store many times but that time there was something specific that she was dying to see. Although she wasn’t even sure if she would like it. She kind of just wanted to leave the training center. There was nothing that she was expecting to happen that day, she planned to go see Yasukuni but nothing more. She didn’t know that it would be the last day she saw her family.

After she arrived in Tokyo to see Yasukuni she went to Tokyo station and opened a gate. It was the time of the generation mashup... she ran into three dimensions that day... A giant gate opened and there were monsters slaughtering the Japanese people.

After a long life of training all the time she thought that maybe she could help the Japanese people escape.

However, the monsters were far too powerful.

She rushed to her destination to see Yasukuni in an ancient palace.

Somehow she knew exactly where to go.

It was her first time there but it felt as if something just kept pulling her and showing her where to go that day. Fortunately, later that day she found some weapons to protect herself.

They weren’t much but it was enough to help her get to her destination. Soon she found a giant door. It was where the Japanese treasure was stored.

On that day someone called her saying that they had something to ask her. She quickly got up to find a way to find her ancestors... They were the last of her family but they weren’t on very good terms.

Their meetings together were never peaceful, it had been almost ten years since they last saw each other.

Clearly she didn’t go there to meet with them that day. If she saw them then she could have gotten killed. On that day she realized she was cursed. Maybe if she had ignored the call and just stayed with her family during that day then her parents and her brother could have lived.

But, it was too late. All of its already in the past.

-What nonsense are you thinking? Hurry, let’s go!

-Hey. Do you remember the day I left training for a few days? It turns out that I never actually got called there by anyone. It was all a trap. What could I have done to make someone do that... I’ve done some bad things in the past but they weren’t so bad to deserve that...

She still couldn’t think of why it happened.

To research the spell she would need lots of power and she would have to discuss it with the Japanese clan.

However, the church members have been doing their best to help her figure out what it is.

The church members and the Oaks help her a lot during those days.

-Are you sure you’ve never met with them before? Maybe you can just talk to them.

-I don’t know. I just want to know why this happened.

Baekren wondered. She never actually thought of going to ask them why.

Would something so simple be the answer to something she’s wondered for all these years?

The dimension mashup and the monsters appearing...

-If I go back then they could take my soul.

-Choices are unavoidable in life. If I died then the spell would be broken.

-So your not even going to try to approach them?

-I have no regrets! I’m ending this spell! It will not affect my life any longer. This is it.

-I understand. You need to go back to them. They can remove the spell and they shouldn’t need a reason to do it.

-Right. And don’t worry, I can’t die.

-I know, you can’t get old. Thank goodness.

Although Baekren was in her 80s she didn’t look old. She never aged.

The first time she tried to meet her ancestors was near the treasure chamber and that’s where the spell was formed.

She felt like the spell took her life away from her. Even though she was in her 80s she’s never met the one in life. Halcan was the only person that stayed by her side throughout everything. That’s why he was so important to her.

“Anyway, we can figure this out since it seems like we’ll be sticking together for now.”

Halcan said and Baekren smiled.

They were going to work together and lift the spell.

-Alright. But first, how do we leave this place.

-I’m not sure yet. I have no idea how that other guy left.

-You’re so stupid. Luckily I’m here. Let’s go that way... By the way, that guy who was hunting you.. He didn’t seem to have everything figured out. I mean, he didn’t even use the magic arrow correctly. What a relief. You could have died.

-I know. I wasn’t prepared to fight him...

-Well, we will make sure he regrets it.

#3

“Is that Baekren?”

...

“Shhh. Keep it down.”

Jaehwang and the spirit were sitting and eating chocolate.

“Alright, alright.”

The spirit said and disappeared from her human form.

Jaehwang then took a deep breath and looked ahead of the valley he was resting in. To plan the best attack he would have to choose a place near Justin Point near a steep cliff. However, to Jaehwang the person he was fighting had a strange attack range. Attacks and tracking. He locates the city and then find a safe place to plan during the actual fight.

-Do you think he’s on his way? Would he call me after a while?

-I doubt it.

The spirit replied.

They had lots of materials for the fight but those were prepared for the fight with the Oaks.

Maybe the ancestor they were fighting was close to the Oaks. Maybe when the new Oak soldier arrived they’ll go on a group hunt to find him.

-I wish he would come quickly.

-Why?

-I’m just ready to get this over with.

Jaehwang simply replied.

-Let’s go.

He got up and just as he said that Baekren showed up. All of a sudden dozens of pillars started to fall from the sky. Oaks then came surrounding them from every direction.

“Ahhh!”

The Oaks skin had turned red and they started to grow bigger. Much bigger than how Oaks usually were.

-Looks like it’s time.

The Oaks obviously came very prepared.

-What are they here for?

Jaehwang asked. He didn’t think that the ancestor would bring Oaks to help fight.

-There here to protect. Fights for them were like that in the past as well.

-Really?

Jaehang asked in reply to the spirit. She was right. They all traveled together.

-It will just be pathetic if they ran away.

He thought. During that long time they must have been preparing all this.

Deukdeuk

Jaehwang took out a baby arrow and prepared to launch it. Although he couldn’t use the magic arrow, he had other arrows up his sleeve.

‘Strong arrow shower!’

Pang! Pang! Pang!

A strong sonic boom erupted the ground as the arrows fell from the sky. Jaehwang shot them towards the sky and they all continued to fall back down onto the ground just as planned.

‘Unique Arrow and Strong Arrow shower’

Pang! Pangg!

All of the arrows fell from the sky like a heavy rainstorm. When he fought with Sasaki he wasn’t as powerful as he was now. His skill has gotten much more powerful since then.

“Ahrghh!

“Ahhh!”

The Oaks tried their best to shield themselves from the attack but, of course that wasn’t working out so well for all of them.

Pang pang pang pang!!

Energy light trailed behind the arrows as they fell from the sky. Blood was everywhere from the Oaks that were attacked. The attack killed dozens of them but Jaehwang didn’t feel satisfied.

That wasn’t the direction that he wanted to go with this situation.

-What are you going to do next?

With the second attack he thought of using a flaming arrow.

An Exchange, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 163: An Exchange 2




They got shields during the second attack to help but the impact was enough to kill many Oaks. Trails of fire were everywhere.

-The location could have been a trap.

Jaehwang thought. He then flew into the air for a better view. It seems they weren’t putting much effort into protecting themselves.

Whoooshhh! Ponggg!

Unfortunately, he thought a little too late.

Just as Jaehwang suspected, it was a trap. Something shot into him as he was flying through the air. Strange energy began to surround him to the point where he couldn’t see anything.

“Yeah!!”

The Oaks saw that the plan was working and cheered.

-What’s going on? What do we do?!

Jaehwang asked. There was no way that he could have fallen into a trap.

-It’s a spell. You can’t use your hiding skill until it wears off.

-Darn it. I guess I have to do something else.

He couldn’t use his hiding skills for sneak attacks. It was a bit of a disadvantage.

Stomp... Stomp... Stomp...

The Oak leader then came from Justin Point. He came charging at Jaehwang who didn’t have any attacks prepared. A light was emitting from the palm of his hands.

“Checkmate.”

He wasn’t just running. It was like he was flying. With Jaehwang’s hiding skill being broken he was unable to find a way to defend himself.

Instead of fighting back with an attack Jaehwang decided to just try his best to dodge it. It was simple but all he could do at the moment.

-Darn it!

Jaehwang said in frustration.

#2

-So, how was it?

-Aren’t you still a rookie?

Baekren’s suggested plan was very risky.

In the past the Oaks used to follow orders from Baekren.

-Let’s catch him first, then we’ll talk about this....

-We’ll die! We can’t go like this!

-Sigh... I guess you have a point.

Baekren said. She clearly wasn’t feeling as worried as Halcan.

Their secret weapon was broken but it still had lots of strength left in it. Maybe they could just put the pieces back together to try to fix it.

-Wait...

Pong!

Baekren used the secret weapon for the first time and sent Jaehwang flying into the ground.

It worked perfectly.

Unfortunately for her, he seemed to be fine. But, it was the perfect thing they could use to protect themselves.

Pongg! Pongg! Pongg!

“This is crazy!”

She said as she continued to shoot arrows from the machine.

The machine then created a transparent shield in front of her.

“This is great!”

At the same time it created black fog that covered her completely.

For the first time they had something that was close to the skills of a high level hunter.

“Wow!”

Pong!

Baekren started to sweat inside the protective shield. It was very protective but it was still possible for something to get through it.

Jaehwang tried his best to fight back.

“The Oaks will protect me!”

Kwang Kwang Kwang!

Just as she said that the Oaks quickly ran to her side with their shields.

“Shield!”

She then summoned the shield spell. It started off with a circle forming bigger and bigger from under her feet.

Whoosh...

It began to surround them as Jaehwangs arrows shot towards them. However, lucky for them that the shield wasn’t getting damaged at all. Shorty after that the arrows lost their strength and disappeared.

-How could we escape even now?

-There’s nowhere to go!

Baekren looked ahead to see the ancestor they were fighting.

He seemed like a scary person. Could he really be thousands of years old?

She kind of doubted everything about him.

He couldn’t have been hundreds of years old.

“That’s just a person.”

His face turned so pale as he was really scared. She stepped a bit closer to him. Not to attack but just to take a closer look.

She didn’t care about the shield. As she walked towards him he was still shooting arrows.

“Are you crazy! You’re still going to shoot arrows at me? Haha.”

She said with a laugh. She tried to walk towards him as harmlessly as possible while also trying to block off the arrows.

“I’ll take advantage of this time.”

The human started to get tired.

He decided to think a little while the rest of the arrows shot at them.

#2

Swoosh!

Arrows were shooting all over the place. Jaehwang put on his armor and ran to a safe spot.

Kwang! Kwang!

The Oaks were still attacking as well so he had to dodge them as she ran.

Something almost hit him in the head.

-It’s dangerous here. We have to take the others to safety.

-Okay!

The spirit replied. Jaehwang wasn’t doing so great as the Oaks secret weapon had a lot of impact on him.

-Ugh, it won’t break.

The spell was wearing off a little so his attacks were able to get much stronger.

He had a little wounds from their attacks but they weren’t too severe.

Finally, he was able to find a place to disappear to. Their secret weapon was still blocking most of his attacks.

-This is so annoying. They have some type of strong protection.

-Quick, dodge it!

Baekren’s spell still hadn’t worn off yet so all he could do was avoid their attacks.

The spirit then looked over towards Baekren. She was inside a shield watching them with a smile on her face.

-Look at their faces.

-How typical.

The spirit hated seeing their annoying faces. Jaehwang then stop moving for a moment.

Crash! Pangg! Pang!

“Aurghh!”

The moment he stopped he was hit in the leg by an arrow.

Pong!

Jaehwang felt his mind go blank.

“We got him!”

The Oaks cheered as they never really thought that it would happen. A few Oaks then gathered around him with some kind of stick in one of their hands. They must have been preparing to cast a spell.

“Good job!”

Jaehwang lied anxiously on the ground looking up at the sky.

Blood was all over his leg.

He then began to float into the air. By miracle he was able to get a hold of himself and get another arrow to shoot.

“Strong Arrow Shower!”

Pong! Jjiijjiijiiiakk!!! Pong! Pong! Pong!

The moment he pulled the string and let go the arrows began to heavily rain down over the Oaks.

“Ahhh!”

Dozens of Oaks died at once due to his attack.

However, he didn’t stop there. He used the arrow shower attack one more time making things even more intense.

He even kept attacking through his intense leg pain.

Later Jaehwang opened the skill status window.

“The status window!”

When Jaehwang opened the window he was surprised to see that his archery skills had leveled up. Before he already saw that his level percentage was increasing but he was still surprised.

[Level Up]

Skill Point: 0.2 Increase. Level 10 arrival starting now.

[Rank Increase]

Jaehwang then became completely surrounded in white light.

Finally, he had leveled up ro rank A.

Strength Point increase +1.

The analysis of his strength and skill then started.

Lots of writing started to appear on the green translucent skill status window. Eventually there were just three short paragraphs of writings left on the window.

Showing rank increase. There are four options for you to choose from.

1. Strength increase by 3 points

2. Skill upgrade [Special Skill Limit]

3. Skill Training [Special Skill Limit]

4. Random Skill [Special Skill Limit.]

“Darn it...”

Jaehwang said in frustration.

Choosing was always the hard part about leveling up.

“I’ll take the fourth one. Random Skill.”

[Searching for desired skill]

[Search Complete]

“Great!”

After the skill search was finished Jaehwang gained the skill.

Jaehwang was currently at a bit of a weak point. He felt like he made the right decision for his situation.

But, the status window system gave Jaehwang something completely different from what he was thinking.

Tracking Skill- [Unique Skill]

-Traces back up to one month.

-Tracks up to 1000km

-How to use it: analysis by DNA when close enough.

-Perfect to use when using a hiding skill.

[Skill successfully installed.]

“This is crazy!”

Luckily Jaehwang was able to get something he was happy with. A tracking skill... Obviously a tracking skill wasn’t completely useless. The spirit had a tracking skill but having one of his own was really convenient.

-Done!

The spirit said all of a sudden.

-With what?

-That Baekren’s has funny worn off.

-Really?

An Exchange 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 164: An Exchange 3




#1

The spirit said and Jaehwang had a shocked look on his face.

-No way, how could you break the spell so fast?

-It was kind of easy.

-The spell may be gone but it’s still in my head!

-Your head?

Jaehwang’s head went blank again.

-You didn’t notice? There was a spell to block my hiding skill and then there was on to make my mind blank.

Clearly the spirit was unaware of the mind spell. Luckily she had enough energy to work on removing the other. However, the mind spell seemed to be more severe than the other one so removing that one was going to be a bit of a challenge.

Jaehwang didn’t understand what the spell was supposed to do to his conscious.

-Thanks!

-Something’s strange...

If he didn’t have the spirit with him then that would be a big problem.

Jaehwang was first going to heal his wounds and then see what’s wrong with his conscious. The spell was much stronger than he thought.

-Can you break the spell?

-Of course!

The spirit said. Red energy light covered Jaehwang’s wounds they were being healed. A little after that he was lying on the ground trying to figure out what was wrong with his conscious.

“Wheu...”

Jaehwang took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

“It’s Chajeon.”

#2

Baekren gathered glowing energy emitted into her hands.

“Screaming Yellow dust”

The dust made a low screeching noise as she held it in her hands.

It was her favorite thing to use when she cast spells during fights. When the energy died down then the spell could be broken.

-What’s going on? Are you not going to speak first? Did you make peace with your ancestor?

-If I was going to try and do that I would have died...

-I guess you’re right.

Halcan agreed.

“Wow!”

Baekrean said in surprise as she looked at her hand.

The magic dust flew into the air along with an amulet she was wearing.

“What’s going on!?”

Shortly after that the magic dust broke the amulet. Baekren didn’t understand what was happening.

Beakren quickly gathered the remaining of the dust and the pieces of the amulet.

-This is not good. How do I undo that spell?

It would take hours to undo the spell.

Especially since she didn’t have the amulet that usually helped her with those kinds of things. It was completely broken.

After a moment the two of them were able to talk and find out what the spell was.

“What?!”

A spell like that was for a monster, not for the mind of a human? It was supposed to be a spell to just keep them away for some time.

-You didn’t know this? Ugh. No wonder the guy looked a bit strange after that. Maybe you should find him and help undo the spell.

-What? No way. He’s not on our side!

Baekren shouted.

-Let’s make a spell protection shield.

It was impossible. They gave up on trying to undo the ‘Screeching Yellow Dust’ spell. After thinking about that guy and his powerful arrows they decided that they had to make a powerful shield.

-Is that good?

-Wow, you’re done already. That should do it. When we see him again we’ll be able to block out those arrows. It seems we only have about 5 minutes until we get there...

-Wait, there’s something else I have to do first.

-Okay.

Baekren added more magic to the shield just to be safe. It was the type of spell that would need lots of strength and effort to undo but she knew exactly how to undo it. Maybe if the spell wasn’t so complicated then they wouldn’t have to help him.

Swooshhh! Panggg!

“Ahhh!”

Baekren used her shield to block away the shots.

However, the shield started to get weak after so many arrows.

“That way?!”

She then detected where the spell was.

It wasn’t an easy journey. An intolerable light shined brightly into her face. Obviously the spell was where the arrows were coming from but there was just so much light.

“Ugh...”

She looked around and realized that he build a protecting shield as well.

Swooosh! Pangg!

He continued to shoot arrows and she started to get frustrated.

“How am I supposed to do anything like this?!”

Baekren shouted. Arrows were shooting from everywhere. There was no safe direction.

The magic connected to the spell was everywhere but that didn’t help. She had to get close to undo the spell.

“Ouch!”

The attack was fatal.

She was hit by an arrow that got through her shield.

Although the arrow got through her shield it was weakened by the strong shield meaning she wasn’t nearly as injured as she would have been without the shield.

Baekren ducked lower on the floor doing the best she could to avoid the attacks.

She looked around with a vain look on her face. Apparently this was much harder than she thought it would be.

-The arrows are moving like hands and feet. What is he doing?

-Just try to block them out.

-Don’t you think I would do that if I could?

-Why does it seems the the detecting skill isn’t working?

She didn’t notice that the detect skill seemed to be gone until then. The main purpose of the spell was so he wouldn’t be able to use his hiding skill.

-I put a detecting spell on him so I could know where he was and the fight would be easier. But, I can’t detect anything right now. He must have found a way to undo the spell somehow. I can’t even hear the sound of him using the arrows.

-Seriously? That means...

He said with a pause. Baekren was thinking the same thing. He must have found a way to undo the spell and fix his conscious at least a little. But, how could he have done that on his own?

“That can’t be. I’ll try to detect something else...! I think I can hear something!”

She said as she thought she saw him.

After that she tried to use another spell but...

“Darn it, I don’t have enough energy...”

She could wait until she had enough strength but that would take a while.

“Thankfully we have the secret weapon.”

With their secret weapon they could do something similar that they were going to cast the spell. Before it was a little broken but it still worked just fine.

“Detecting Spell”

All she had to do was say the name of the spell for the weapon to get to work.

After the spell preparations were finished it was ready to go.

Now all she had to do was find him so she could aim it at him. But, even after waiting and waiting he didn’t show up.

Just a little while ago there were arrows everywhere but as soon as she got the weapon ready there gone. She then looked around trying to find him.

-Ugh!

-Hey!

-What?

-Look up!

-What? Why?

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Takk! Tak! Tak! Takk!

Suddenly dozens of arrows began to randomly fall from the sky down on them.

There were hundreds of arrows heading their way.

She quickly got their magic shield to protect them but there were just so many.

It was like something she experienced before. The speed of the arrows. However, that arrow attack was much stronger than one she’s ever known. She still couldn’t spot the person who was shooting the arrows.

“Were in trouble!”

She shouted over the sound of exploding arrows. In one hand she was holding the weapon with the detecking spell ready and in the other hand was the shield. However, the spell the weapon was set on became weak after a long time of not shooting it.

She looked around to find any of the Oaks but most of them were already dead or terribly injured.

-How am I supposed to do this!

-I’m trying my best to help! Look down!

-Huh?

She then looked down and saw something. She saw a reflection of him in the puddle. He was flying in the air surrounded by white energy light while continuously shooting arrows.

-Get ready!

He said as things were about to get even more dangerous.

Jaehwang was exhausted shooting arrows continuously due to the spell that was still on him but he had to protect himself...

An Exchange 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 165: Unknown Hunter




#1

Jaehwang wondered how they could sense his hiding skill.

But, it was known that it was a skill with a few weak points. He had to move carefully and quiet when using it.

However, it still came in handy a lot. Every skill had its weak points.

He continued to launch arrows as they floated above the ground.

Soon he noticed that he had been using the same arrows for every attack.

-It seems that we can’t capture them.

Jaehwang realized as he looked down on the Oaks. There were still a lot of them to hunt.

The answer was clear.

Everything wasn’t because of Baekren, it was because of the Oaks. Baekren used the Oaks as protection so they were his main problem. They were very dangerous creatures so Jaehwang didn’t have time to any mistakes. He had to think about things very thoroughly if he wanted to defeat them.

-Looks like they aren’t using anymore spells. There are many choices for us to choose one if we’re gonna use one.

-Okay. Is there some that will handle everything that we need?

They discussed their plan and what they needed to do.

-Everything sounds good but there’s no way we can do that for sure. Instead we should fix all of the weak points. There seems to be a lot of them.

-Okay.

The spirit said in reply to jaehwang’s suggestion. After lowering their least favorite options they were able to see common ground.

‘Everything will be fine if we can’t see any weak points.’

They began to start with their plan while still floating above the ground with a full view of everything.

With all the experience they’ve had with spells before everything should go smooth.

‘Let’s begin.’

He gathered all of his strength and got started. First he looked around at all of the Oaks. They were very strong as a group. The spell would have to be very impactful to reach and destroy all of them.

All they had to do was make one fatal shot.

Jaehwang then stood completely still.

Luckily, the Oaks effects had worn off a lot so they had nothing to worry about.

-How many arrows do you have left?

-About 1,000.

-Great.

The spirit replied.

-Let’s try one.

-Okay.

[Magic Arrow]

The spirit prepared the arrow and Jaehwang began to launch it.

It was time to show them what he could really do. He was ready to use the new attack.

‘Strong Arrow Shower!’

Swooshh! Swooshh! Swooshh!!

Jaehwang’s hand moved faster and faster as he launched more and more arrows.

He was just as fast as before but since this was a new attack it was still much stronger. There were about 20 arrows flying at once. Of course it took lots of energy but it was worth it.

It was a very severe attack.

Jaehwang then began to launch a few different arrows. He aimed the all down towards the ground.

‘Silent Arrow!’

It was an arrow that wouldn’t make any noise when it lands or exploded like a sneak attack.

‘Unique Arrow, Exploding Strong Arrow!’

Whoosh!

Jaewhang watched them as flew quickly towards the ground.

He watched as they exploded taking out dozens of Oaks at a time.

The arrows were surrounded in bright energy light as they fell from the sky like a heavy rainstorm.

Although they tried their best, there was no point in even trying to block them. They were more unavoidable than last time due to their thorough analysis with his hunter thinking skills.

As the attack lasted they began to feel satisfied with their work.

The first attack might have not gone so well but the second attack was perfect.

It seemed as if something was trying to block out their attacks but thanks to the help of the spirit’s magic that wasn’t possible.

Kwang Kwang Kwang Kwang Kwang!!!!

Baekren did her best to find a safe place as everything began to explode.

Jaehwang knew that the attack would surely be able to reach all of them there.

Then...

“Uh?”

Jaehwang suddenly started to feel doubtful.

He could hear all the chaos by the explosions but then he heard something that sounded a lot like a giant vacuum.

Swoooooo

In that moment something suddenly came rising upwards.

Eventually they were able to see what it was exactly.

“Ahughh!”

It let out a loud roar. The Oaks were scattered across the ground trying to escape. It was a gigantic monster with red skin. It stood almost 20 meters tall and clearly looked very strong. The monster looked around with its big eyes. It also had fur like a bear and giant sharp teeth.

-That’s called a demon monster. Should we use a spell?

-A demon monster?

-Yes, a demon monster. That means you should be really careful.

The spirit replied and Jaehwang stopped his attacks.

-Is it strong?

He asked in an anxious tone.

-Of course. They’re one of the most dangerous monsters.

-I see.

-They’re very strong but the more they kill the stronger they can get. Wearing armor is very important when you are fighting one of them. That’s about all you should need to know.

-This isn’t going to be easy...

Jaehwang said.

Although he’s hunted lots of monsters over the years he had never encountered anything like that before. It was more important that he knew how to defend himself from it then learning the best way to attack it. Now that the demon monster had showed up neither Baekren or Jaehwang were thinking about their fight together.

Baekren lifted her head and looked over towards Jaehwang who seemed to be distracted.

“Next time instead of taking soldiers let’s just fight one-on-one, you and me...”

Baekren declared and then left the scene and the monster that was there disappeared as well.

Poof...

The Oak soldiers and Halcan disappeared as well.

However, there was something that Baekren seemed to have left behind.

***

Jaehwang looked at the red blood on a silver fragment.

It was Baekren’s blood that was on the silver fragment.

-Do you have a minute...

The spirit said.

-What is it?

Jaehwang replied. The spirit then appeared next to him in human form. She looked at the blood for a second and then looked away.

“Of course...”

“What?”

“Your looking at that person’s blood. And...”

“And?..”

“The blood of the person who put a spell on you..”

The spirit stopped speaking for a minute and took a deep breath.

“She seems a little old. Maybe 50 years at the least... It’s strange.She could be a time stopper.”

“A time stopper? What is that?”

“A type of spell that can be used to stop aging at a certain point. She’s almost one hundred years old and doesn’t look old at all...”

“Really? An internal youth spell?”

“No. Just a change in faint so she doesn’t die or get old. But, when she does die she could maintain herself. She has to be older than 50, though.”

The spirit explained. Jaehwang then fell into thought thinking about it. If what the spirit said was true then that must have been the reason why he could barely harm her during the fight.

“It’s a tough situation.”

#2

Two days later Jaehwand went back to the hunter headquarters in the Alousu. After reporting what happened to the others he was given a vacation to relax after all of his hard work. Although that’s what he was supposed to do, he decided to spend his time tracking down Baekren instead.

At first he thought that tracking her down would be easy. He was using his new tracking skill but it still wasn’t so easy.

Suddenly... Something big happened.

His tracking skill was able to track something and it was only a few meters away. But, Jaehwang ignored it thinking it was just a mix up because he hadn’t gotten a chance to train with it yet.

[Insignificant training, cannot track. Try looking for something within 10km]

-I’m just stupid.

-Yes, I agree with that.

He then showed up at the suggested location. Although Jaehwang was sure nothing was around there, he had a weapon prepared.

-Let’s go eat.

-Okay.

Maybe they could have missed a clue of where to look to track her down.

They made it to the restaurant and ordered their food.

The second they opened the door and walked into the crowded restaurant a random person got up out of his seat and politely offered it to Jaehwang. Everyone recognized him as the famous hunter.

Jaehwang greeted him in return and politely took the seat offering.

Unknown Hunter, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 166: Unknown Hunter 2




Jaehwang was very popular... When someone asked him why a famous hunter like him were eating at that restaurant he just simply answered.

-So annoying.

-Yea. This new popularity you have is annoying.

The spirit agreed. It wasn’t any five star restaurant, it was just a simple place for them to eat. Obviously everyone there noticed who he was and glanced at him many times as he sat as his table. It was really annoying.

The spirit usually went into human form when they went out to eat but she couldn’t because of all of the staring.

-I said I wanted to go to a bakery.

-This will do.

-Well, at least it’s better than being back at headquarters training.

The restaurant was much better and spacious than the training in the HQ that Jaehwang was always spending his time in. even the other members of the clan liked to go there to eat over the food at Gwanjae’s mansion.

Besides thinking of the people in the restaurant Jaehwang just choose it based on the food.

He could act like a king with all the new attention but he really just wanted everything to feel like normal and be able to talk with the spirit in human form as they ate.

After sitting in their chair to eat and suddenly noticed the TV in the room.

Another show went off and then a new program came on.

On screen were crowds of Oaks retreating a battle.

There also was someone there, it was a hunter but his back was turned so no one could see his face. On his chest was a yin-yang mark.

He was fighting off all of the Oaks.

[Yesterday something strange happened at the Pyonyang gate... The area was dominated by armies of Oaks but there was a hunter from Justin Point that came and saved the day. He was able to succeed in the battle all on his own...]

The news anchor on the TV then continued to explain more.

[This was an especially important task to take on. Apparently it was a secret mission for one individual. With tons of Oaks and soldiers from Samjeon’s church, it was clearly a challenging situation...]

“Ah, this type of thing happens everyday.”

One of the hunters in the restaurant said and got the remote to change the channel to something new. Almost every channel was playing the same news that they just saw so he just turned off the tv.

If it was a secret mission then how could it have gotten out to the public and reporters like this?

There was always a new hunter story on the news all the time these days.

Obviously Jaehwang wasn’t interested in any of it. As they were all watching the TV program he just focused on eating.

Someone else then turned on the TV again and the same thing was still on.

[These days everyone has been talking about hunters a lot. Today especially seems to be like one of those days. For the past two everyone has been talking about the chaos happening in Justin point.]

-Are they talking about me now?

-Yes.

The spirit replied. As the reported explained everything there were lots of misinformation they were sharing.

In Justin Point there was actually an insignificant amount of hunters in detainment. Lots of them have already broken free or have been rescued.

There was a mistake in the incompetence of the information

But, when some ridiculous story comes out it’s best to just not react rather than getting angry. However, Jaehwang wasn’t the only one angry at the misinformation of the report. The other hunters who were watching also didn’t seem too happy about it as they were watching.

Tang!

“What are they talking about!”

One of the hunters shouted as he slammed his spoon on the table.

“This is crazy. What are they trying to make the public think?”

Every hunter had great honor in their clans.

Any kind of disrespect towards any of them would make them all understandably angry. Keeping their reputation clean was very important.

Of course the clans did have their weak points in the past at some points but they always worked hard to fix anything that doesn’t go well. The information just shared to the public was just plain lack of investigation.

“Quiet. It’s originally like that. Doesn’t it make sense why they would say that? Let’s just not worry about it.”

“We can’t do that about this. This could do a lot of damage to us. I’m not even sure but there was a few hundred people that were saved from the unit. We did a good job but why could this be happening...”

“Maybe this is because they want to control us. Hasn’t this been going on for like two days now? It’s ridiculous.”

As everyone continued to talk back and forth Jaehwang just focused on eating his food and then left the restaurant.

It seemed as if he didn’t care but he was actually a little worried after seeing the report on the TV. Usually he didn’t care about things like that but it could actually bring them lots of trouble.

He would often go training after eating but instead he decided to go meet someone.

“Jaehwang.”

Standing right in front of him was Jaehwang’s lodging roommate, Juyeong.

The moment he saw Jaehwang he reached out his hand for a handshake.

“How have you been?”

“Fine. There’s something I need to speak to you about...”

Jaehwang said as he shook his hand. At first he was a bit worried but luckily it was easy to find him.

“Haha. alright. There’s also something I need to apologize to you about.”

“Apologize?”

“Yes. Remember the time when I went into your room? Haha.”

“Ah, right. I remember.”

Jaehwang replied. He then handed him a cold bottle of water and Juyeong smiled.

“Wow, you didn’t have to. This is a really important matter and I can see how this could really affect the clans.”

“I haven’t talked to any other clans about this yet.”

“I see.”

Juyeong could understand with just a few words of explanation.

After being his roommate for some time he was able to understand him well.

However, Jugyeong’s reply stated that things might not go as they want them to so they should be prepared for whatever it is they’re worrying about.

“How can you say that so calmly.”

“Listen carefully.”

Jugyeong said.

“Do you know that even you are now being talked about in the media even more than before?”

“Yes.”

Jaehwang replied.

He had seen himself on TV a lot lately for his hunter skills but he didn’t know that there was a reason for exactly why.

Something then suddenly crossed Jaehwang’s mind.

“Are they purposely trying to put pressure on us?”

Jaehwang asked.

“You are correct.”

Jugyeong simply answered.

“Are they from the American side?”

He asked and Jugyeong then had a surprised look on his face.

“Hm, you may be on to something.”

“No.”

Jaehwang shook his head. That was something he needed to think about. Jugyeong had lots of influence so Jaehwang didn;t want any possibly false information being spread. He wanted to know for sure.

Jugyeong then nodded his head and replied,

“Alright. Looks like we should just keep an eye on America for now. Wanna team up and get to the bottom of this?”

Unknown Hunter 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 167: The Spirit’s Rage




#1

Swooshhh

The sharp wings of an airplane landed on the runway of the New Port Airport located in Virginia. A plane flew off going to its destination. The airplane was much faster then the one he arrived in. after it finally landed all of the passengers got off one by one.

“What a nice travel.”

He said smiling while looking at the view.

Walking through the sun he slowly walked through the passageway taking his time. One hand was holding his suitcase and he was also wearing a backpack.

He was an Asian man in his mid twenties.

“What are your plans for this visit?”

“Just business.”

He answered.

“How long will you be staying for?”

The lady helping him asked.

She continued to ask him various questions until he was finished there.

“Have you received permission from the boss to watch that?”

“Yes.”

He replied.

“Mr. Han, come welcome Bonnie.”

A lady said and he turned his head. He soon left the airport and went on his way without the big luggage that he had before. It had been awhile since he’s been back in the airport.

Whoosh! Click! Whoosh!

Two soldiers then walked by him. They were wearing a power suit and were armed with weapons.

All around them were lots of young kids staring and pointing but the soldiers kept walking without paying attention to anyone else. They were completely focused.

-They’re really special aren’t they? How can they just walk not thinking of anything else but what they’re here for.

-Right. They’re completed focused on their duty. They must be fighting monsters somewhere telling by the armor on them. In our country its kind of hard to walk around like that but here its a normal thing.

Answered the spirit. Jaehwang then walked out of the gate without slowing down.

Next to him at the entrance was a Black American female soldier. Telling by her uniform she was of a group of hunters that suffered from neuris due to so many enemy soldiers in the past.

Everyone had a normal wavelength of a human. This wavelength was shared by every person but that clan had to register for one.

He wondered if she knew the basics and could enter the wavelength data. But, she was a hunter after all.

Jaehwang caused trouble in the place and the police caught onto that observing him with the watch drone reading their wavelength energy. They instantly thought of Jaehwang as a criminal and searched up all the information on him that they could. One of the hunters moved over a bit and then Jaehwang face was clearly seen on the panel.

He remained calm.

-Where do we have to be the first one to?

-We have to take a taxi and drive ten bocks!

The spirit answered.

#2

Jaehwang arrived on the Southside of New Port and walked a few more meters. He arrived at a small corner of a remote area and saw a small neat bakery that was empty. After taking the taxi Jaehwang took the bakery as a warning. This place must have been a resting place for the Orkal System. But of course to Jaehwang it was a nice place for a snack.

No one was there so he chose that place.

He walked down a narrow path nearby and the spirit then appeared next to him in human form and shouted,

“Are we here! A candy shop!”

They walked up a flight of stairs and walked into the shop. The owner who was very old smiled at the spirit.

“Welcome to Mama’s candy shop. You’re so pretty”

The spirit felt as if she was in heaven. Her eyes were sparkling and she had a big smile on her face as she looked around at all the candy. She looked over towards Jaehwang for permission to buy something, or a few things, and of course he couldn’t refuse.

He promised her.

He took out his wallet and prepared himself. Before he knew it her hands were already filled with sweets.

-This will do?

-Yes!

The spirit replied enthusiastically with a big smile on her face.

Even Jaehwang smiled as he was happy to see her happy.

After paying for everything they walked out of the shop with the spirit already eating chocolate.

“Wow...”

Jaehwang said in shock at how much she was eating at a time.

“Where are we going now?”

“One second, I’ll check.”

She replied putting all the chocolate down for a moment.

“Let’s go. There’s a place we have to go that’s a few blocks away. We have to meet the leader before it’s too late.”

“Okay.”

She then went back to eating as they walked.

Usually they would be able to get help in meeting with the leader at the airport but he didn’t want to schedule a meeting with anyone.

“Is it good?”

“Of course. Do you wanna try some?”

“I’m fine.”

Jaehwang answered nodding his head. He planned to eat when they reached a destination they could rest in.

He then looked back and saw someone. They were wearing an entirely blue outfit and was noticeably full of muscle. He didn’t seem so happy when he noticed Jaehwang.

Suddenly he began to walk faster.

“Freeze!”

“...”

Maybe he saw Jaehwang’s high quality suit and thought he had a chance to steal it. They had been getting weird stares since they showed up there but they didn’t think that they wanted to fight him or anything.

He looked over at the spirit who had bloodshot eyes due to all the chocolate.

“This guy!”

Suddenly two guys were then coming at him and they both looked very angry. Luckily they didn’t seem to have any weapons on them.

However, they were currently in a dangerous place at the time so there was no way they were up to any good.

One the the guys then looked at all the snacks in the spirit’s hand.

“Ohh...”

All the chocolate and snacks then fell out of her arms and she became completely stiff.

She felt as if she couldn’t move at all.

After the chocolate fell on the floor making a mess but, to the spirit who wasn’t feeling so good at the moment, thought it was a crowd of dead Oaks.

“Ahh!”

She screamed.

Everyone else was confused as all they saw was fallen chocolate.

“Hey! I said don’t move!”

“This idiot. What is he trying to do.”

Jaehwang said through his headset but the spirit wasn’t even paying attention.

Or maybe she heard him and just ignored it because she was only focused on one thing.

...Pong!

One of the guys walked up to them and the spirit instantly punched him.

The other guy them began to step back.

“It’s a hunter!”

Suddenly dozens of people begin to rush out of hiding spots from every direction seeming to be working together with the other two guys. The worst part was they seemed to have recognized him from the internet and all the news articles.

“It’s that guy!”

But, the biggest problem Jaehwang was worried about was the spirit. However, she seemed ready to fight.

Pong pong pong! Pong! Pong!

“Ahhhh! She’s a monster! Shoot!”

One of them shouted about the spirit. Their fighting back was no use, she was much stronger and faster. Suddenly they all heard a siren and a blaring blue light show up. Something that looked like an arrow then shot from a black and white drone.

In that moment the difficulty of things increased.

The Spirit’s Rage, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 168: Unknown Hunter 3




#1

“Why can’t they just directly approach us?”

Jugyeong said.

“Must be easier said than done. It not originally this complicated, though. It is a simple matter to sort out.”

The media turned everything inside out with their mistake. Since then everything and everyone has been in a bit of a crisis. Something like this can put a bad name on all the hunters in every clan known to the public.

“What about what you learned at the academy?”

It wasn’t anything new. The most useful thing he did was go on a few raids and everything else was just common sense being a hunter.

“Okay. maybe we can think of a plan to work this out. We can come up with a plan to change the public’s mind despite what the media says. After that everything should die down and you shouldn’t have to worry about your face being everywhere.”

“We can’t give anything away.”

“Give anything away?”

“Yes. Isn’t the American can giving it away?”

Jaehwang didn’t understand exactly what he was talking about at first. In the past a group of talented American hunters were very greedy for power. Since the generation mash up they were the fastest to gain lots of powerful hunters on their side. Their skills were unbelievably.

Other countries weren’t necessarily envious of them they just wanted to know their secret.

“Until now they haven’t gave away any hints but we’re not sure if they’re responsible for this.”

“Ah, Justin Point.”

“Yes. the first time Justin Point had such a big industrial accident was when they happened to be close by. Maybe they could have done something to cause it.”

“You’re right.”

The earth and the Alousu was not completely the same. However, there were lots of similarities. Even their shape was similar but their similar geographics had changed. That was it. Korea’s southeast was in Japan. However, Japan still didn;t have access to the same dimensions as Korea.

“I see. I recognized it when I saw it this time. They talked a lot about the group of clans in Justin Point. When the Daehyeon group came crashing down everyone seemed to be keeping a closer eye on them than usual.”

“Isn’t it funny? They can do whatever they want because of the clans rights.”

“It is something.”

Jugyeong said in agreement as he tied his arms and sunk deep into thought.

There was no telling why the media could be doing what they were doing. It was very frustrating. However, Jugyeong felt the answer was right at the tip of his tongue. This wasn’t any kind of insight to help them get any hints.

“Because America were the ones who blocked off approach to the incident, that could be a big clue.”

Jaehwang said and Jugyeong’s eyes then grew in surprise.

“So you’re saying that they may have not purposely kept their mouth closed about the attack?”

“...”

In that moment everything became silent between the two of them.

“We’ve caught them.”

Jugyeong said breaking the silence.

“Yes. There’s still a few missing pieces but now I get it.”

With the information that Jugyeong had it was a lot easier to find some of the missing pieces to the story to figure out what was going on but Jaehwang’s conclusion was undoubtedly spot on.

He had to stop the damage that those stories were doing the Justin Point clans.

There was something quite simple.

“This. it’s a plan made directly by them. They must be having a big celebration at their headquarters right now. But how did they know? Something’s not right here.”

“It’s because they’ve had lots of experience with this in the past.”

“Experience?”

Jaehwang asked.

“Yes. they’ve helped a lot of other clans with their plans in the past and now it’s time for them to request a favor in return.”

“Hmm, but that doesn’t explain everything...”

Jaehwang said as he tried to make sense of everything.

“But they didn’t seem to have any grudges held against anyone or any clan to do something like this.”

“I guess we’ll have to find out what their motive is.”

Jaehwang was determined to find out more until he knew the whole truth.

“In situations like this Gwanjae would give me some kind of advice to motivate me.”

Jaehwang then closed his eyes and he could hear his voice.

He would always tell him how all the clans were one and in the end they all should work as a team. Every hunter shared the same passion and struggle.

“I feel ashamed.”

He looked down at his hands that had turned red. He was very ashamed. He felt as if it was his fault. Although he was trying his hardest to fix it he still felt ashamed.

What was the reason for things to become this way? What could they gain from this? There had to be some kind of reason.

Gwanjae’s advice was never really anything specials. He always go by on his own. It wasn’t anything new. Ever since he became reborn again he became stronger. He couldn’t think about disappointed his clan team or anyone that had his back.

Even Jugyeong began to felt the feeling of embarrassment for the first time in a long time.

“It’s okay.”

“I know, it’s just I’ve realized something that I haven’t thought about in a long time. Haha. tomorrow everything should be calmer. I’ll make sure of it. And I’m sorry.”

Jugyeong assured and got up from his seat with a happy look on his face. After he walked out of the door Jaehwang took a deep breath and reflected.

Jaehwang then sunk deep into thought.

What was the reason for America to try to ruin the reputation of so many talented hunters? It was simple. The world was now in a need for hunters. In the past everyone relied on police and America wanted to bring it back to that time.

“Why do they care so much?”

However, he couldn’t think of a way to stop it. He couldn’t ask Jugyeong for too much. He already had so many things to deal with. Jaehwang then took the tablet and searched for something.

“What are you doing?”

“I’m trying to find information on the American clan leaders...”

Jaehwang said reply to the spirit’s question.

#2

The next day Jugyeong was a bit quieter than usual. All the topic of the latest hunter drama had suddenly disappeared from the internet. Although they were still receiving some criticism, everything overall had died down.

Jugyeong successfully completed his task.

Suddenly Korea made such a pro-American act and that they couldn’t go back on. An American spokesman announced that Justin Point would be sent American army troops. Because of that decision the country had a cold feeling.

That was the reason why Justin point is still under control by Samjeon church members and Oaks. everything went downhill when they decided to send those troops. It was obvious that what happened was on purpose and the reason for it was clear. It was because America wanted to ‘tame’ Korea.

However, they did also send help to join in on the reclaiment of Justin Point. There was almost no hope left for it but looked like they decided to try again anyway.

“Let’s see what we can find.”

Jaehwang said to the spirit.

#3

Jaehwang went back to the clan HQ after a month of a vacation.

He told them all the new information he found over the past month.

-Everyone seemed to have turned their heads form the situations that were being talked about.

-Good work, we’ll be sure to check into everything and take care of the rest.

-No problem and thank you, sir.

Jaehwang said in reply to mr. Hwang. Other members of the clan was going to work on some of the other things to leave them with more time to sort and work out the more important things.

-Okay. Thank you for your continuous support.

-You’re welcome, sir.

Unknown Hunter 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 169: The Spirit’s Rage 2




#1

“Come on!”

“Okay.”

The spirit said still a little uneasy.

Her and Jaehwang quickly escaped out of there quietly. Later after all of the police left they were able to go back on their way.

However, there were still a few people around looking for him.

“There’s a hunter around here somewhere.”

One of the people mumbled while looking around.

“Darn it. He seemed like a very skilled hunter. We need to call for backup.”

“A hunter?”

One of his colleagues asked in shock.

“Yes. He was here awhile ago.”

“Wow... will we be able to handle him?”

He said with his hand on his gun holster looking around.

“We’ll be fine. We can track him and plan a sneak attack.”

“Why did we have to run into such a powerful hunter...”

“Don’t worry about it, we can catch him.”

The two of them were talking while they were looking around the area for clues with some kind of sensor. Jaehwang could look up from where he was and see a drone flying around. He was using his hiding skill so they couldn’t find him.

However, the police officers seemed to be pretty suspicious whenever the drone would fly over Jaehwang despite him using his hiding skill.

“There’s nothing else here.”

He said still looking a bit suspicious.

In that moment he was watching the CCTV footage of what just happened in the neighborhood.

Due to constant trouble in the neighborhood there had been many CCTV cameras put in everywhere around there.

Watching the footage all they could was him suddenly disappearing with no idea how. The sensor could catch his steps but they would have to turn up the power.

“The code is MH9.”

“Huh? Darn it”

The police officer said after getting an update through his radio.

-This! It’s 145-1. It is now in MH9.

-145-1 Check the patrol car.

-Check MH9. It shouldn’t take long. Make sure everything is okay.

-145-1 Looks like there’s nothing here, let’s get going.

-Okay.

The police officer said and the both of them at the scene got into their car. After the police finally drove off in their car Jaehwang was relieved to be able to finally come out of hiding.

The spirit had a terrible headache and clearly wasn’t feeling very well.

-Sorry!

She said feeling terrible that she didn’t do much to help.

-It’s fine, that attack was very unexpected. It was my responsibility anyway.

Jaehwang said.

If they weren’t prepared they could have died. They signaled for a taxi and continued on their way.

Jaehwang was feeling a little regretful that he couldn’t do much but hide. He had no choice since he couldn’t get into much trouble due to the bad news of hunters in media these days.

The taxi was approaching a building where they saw many people gathering on the outside of it

Jaehwang then saw that there was a screen playing the CCTV from the fight he had with the police officers. He got out of the taxi and stayed out of site to avoid causing any trouble by someone recognizing him.

Shortly after that he took out his phone and logged onto the taxi app. He requested another taxi to pick him up.

Suddenly a loud monster warning went off.

Obviously that could only mean that a monster was nearby. When the alarm went off everyone in the area began to run away screaming trying to find safety.

For the first time even Jaehwang tried to flee away with them. However, soon he started to think that there weren’t any monster around.

He then suddenly stopped running.

As he looked up into the sky he could see five things approaching the area.

Jaehwang was a bit confused. He knew that he would be able to recognize any monster but he had no idea what he was looking at.

“What are they?”

It seemed like it could be one of the monsters he fought while he was in the Alousu. They weren’t very powerful monsters but it still took some work to fight them off. Besides, it was five of them, it was definitely going to be a tough fight. Everyone was still running aroung panicing trying to find somewhere safe.

“Move it! Gosh!”

Jaehwang was getting ready to fight off the monsters. As they flew closer and closer to the ground the people were starting to finally clear away giving him the space that he needed.

“Ahh!”

“Tommy!”

A mom shouted as she quickly turned around to pick up her kid that tripped.

The monsters were swooping down towards the ground.

“Ahhhh!”

Everyone screamed in terror as they ran away. There were a few police officers there shooting at the monsters but they were doing a good job dodging them while flying through the air.

“This isn’t good.”

Jaehwang said. The monsters goal was clear. They came to hunt for humans.

He couldn’t even imagine something like that happening in Korea but America would be the last thing he would think something like this would happen. The monsters did a strange call and soon their children came flying with them.

Hunting them were of course much more difficult and dangerous than hunting a while animal.

Suddenly in that moment a military bus showed up speeding to the scene. It was much bigger than the ones seen in the Alousu but their machine gun on the top of it was similar.

The military bus then came to a stop and the machine gun began to shoot towards the monsters.

Teuk teuk teuk teuk!!!

The machine gun shot violently everywhere causing the monsters to have to fly faster.

It looked like the monsters were still doing well and the machine gun wasn’t helping so much. A door to the military bus then open and hunters holding protective shields came running out.

“Hey! How long until the backup is here?”

“20 minutes!”

“We can do this!”

“We have to be very careful!”

Said a tall muscular guy.

“Everything will be fine, just stick to the plan!”

Said another guy.

“Dad! How are we supposed to do this?!”

“We just have to do our best until the backup shows up!”

He said.

They all did their best to defend themselves and keep the citizens safe until their backup showed up. In America there weren’t any hunter teams as powerful as Korean hunter teams but they had lots of equipment that they were able to borrow. Korea lent them a few weapons to help with their monster invasions.

“Ugh!”

One of them said trying to prepare their gun but it was already too late.

The monster was already on its way to attack some people but just then...

Swoosh! Pongg!

He shot the monster out of the air and fell into the ocean that was right next to the area they were fighting them. However, after that it disappeared.

Splash...

One of the monsters hit the side of the building. It looked as if their head exploded and then it suddenly disappeared along with the one that fell into the ocean.

“What is going on...”

The fighters were very confused.

They took a close look into the sky at the remaining monsters that were flying around.

Obviously they could just shoot them while they’re in the sky but then they could possibly fall down one people or buildings.

“Dad!”

His son said calling out to him. He then turned his head looking a bit frightened. The last four monsters looked very angry.

In that moment he then quickly refilled his gun.

Teuk! Teuk!

“We won’t lose!”

Declared the boy’s father. After that he stood up from his seat and aimed at the monsters.

After shooting at the monsters a few times he got into the military bus and drove. They wanted to get the rest of their squad to help fight the monsters but there was no time and they couldn’t take that risk.

He kept shooting randomly with his gun in the car while they drove to avoid getting hit by the monsters.

Pong! Pong! Pong! Pong!

The four monsters were roaring and making screeching noises as they shot at them.

Kwang! Kwang!

One of the monsters then fell onto the ground. Luckily there weren’t any people in the way.

How are we going to get them all?”

He asked worried about how could they ensure the peoples’ safety and take down the monsters.

“I have no idea...”

As things started to get more difficult they began to lose hope with no plan on how to deal with the monsters. At least everyone in the area were gone so they no longer had to worry about the danger of the citizens.

“Ah.”

One of their team members then seemed to have come up with a plan.

They were going to have to get through it on their own.

“Hmm.”

He looked over at the monsters for a second and then nodded his head.

It was clearly going to be very difficult to capture them. They got out another machine gun. Looked like the leader found a possible way to deal with the monsters.

If they could pick and choose they would get a fifth tier monster for a job like that... Or maybe even a sixth tier monster would be even better and sure to save them.

There was no one they knew to call as there weren’t any necessarily high level monsters on their team.

“Do you think it would be a good idea to set the car on fire!”

The leader shouted at one of the members. The monsters could fall and crush the cars.

The member lowered his head in shame at the leaders reply.

It would really help if they could at least get the backup team already.

Just then someone suddenly showed up next to him.

“Do you guys need some help here?”

“Huh?...”

He could hear the voice clearly but he couldn’t see anyone. There was just a shadow in the spot that he seemed to be standing but was somehow invisible. He would be very shocked to know that it was the high level ranked hunter just as he was wishing for.

“Wait inside, guys. I’ll take care of this.”

“Yes, sir.”

The members said in reply to their leader who planned to talk to the invisible person.

“Are you... that amazingly powerful hunter?”

The Spirit’s Rage 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 170: A Son’s Mistake




#1

After the generation mashup many monsters roamed the cities of the earth destroying everything in sight and killing humans. Soon they were able to get rid of them and the people could finally relax and feel safe.

Thanks to Jaehwang who came to the rescue they were able to relax in the military bus. Of course they stuck around just in case he needed some help.

Everyone was watching Jaehwang in shock.

They’ve never seen a hunter like him. He was very powerful and he looked very young to them.

He showed up out of nowhere like a hero and saved them all.

“Over there is my son Caleb and that’s my daughter Jenni and next to her is my daughter-in-law Ally...”

The leader introduced him to everyone and Jaehwang nodded his head instead of answering with words. The daughter in law then came to him and handed him an orange juice.

“Thank you for helping us.”

“You don’t have to thank me.”

Jaehwang said as she received the orange juice.

He looked up into the air at the monsters flying up above.

They seemed to be very prepared with food, drinks and even a container was set for the monsters corpse.

The two kids seemed to be very talented even though they were just level 3 hunters.

The family tried their best to show their appreciation.

Their grandfather then asked him a few questions.

“What’s your name? I’m Seon. I’m their grandfather. Their father is wearing armoring but why aren’t you? Where is your weapon? Do you have to go get them? How are your eyes so piercing like that? You’re a handsome person.”

Jaehwang was silent for a moment not reallying knowing what to say or what question to answer first.

“Don’t worry mr. Seon. I can do this.”

Jaehwang assured.

“Grandpa everything’s going to be fine!”

The little boy, Timothy, shouted.

“I’m sorry.”

“No no, it’s okay.”

Jaehwang said.

“Anyway, did you say you were from New Port hunting area?”

“Yes.”

“Alright, we believe in you.”

Timothy took five small bags that were tied around his leg and gave them to Jaehwang. It was a bit of cash that he decided to give to him for helping them.

“It’s fine, you don’t have to.”

Jaehwang said shaking his head.

“Did you say you came from the Huntington Airport?”

“Yes.”

“I see. You’re gonna need this.”

She said handing him a few more dollars. He would need enough to take the bus.

The young boy sitting in the back seat of their military bus looked at the money in his hand.

“It’s okay, I’ll be fine.”

Jaehwang said denying the money again.

“We understand how you feel but don’t worry, we just want to thank you for helping our family. Hunting takes a lot of work so we want to show our gratitude. So please, take it.”

Although he still didn’t want to take it he decided to accept their gift.

“Great. We can’t thank you enough for helping us.”

The lady said as she bowed politely again.

“It’s my pleasure.”

Jaehwang replied.

He wasn’t the type of person who cared about money or material things but he decided to take it to be polite.

The little boy named timothy then got something out of his bag and handed it to Jaehwang.

It was chocolate from the shop Jaehwang and the spirit went to earlier that day.

Obviously the spirit was very happy with it as she smiled with sparkles in her eyes.

She then put the chocolate in her pocket and disappeared back into Jaehwang’s head.

Timothy then smiled seeing her so happy.

Before driving off the kid then said something.

“Dad, check the national guard.”

The kid said and Timothy tilted his head. Usually the policemen around the city didn’t check the national guard. The national guard hasn’t been used since so many monsters started to show up over time.

“It hasn’t been checked?”

“I don’t know. The hunters in the national guard should all be armed.”

His son said as he got onto the bus.

“You’re... huh?”

He said to Jaehwang who was also supposed to be on the bus but he could no longer see him. Suddenly after looking around for a few seconds he saw a line in the air.

“Are you there?”

“Yes.”

“Wow...”

Timothy said in surprise. He never saw a hiding skill like that before.

“Are you trying to avoid the hunter censor? There’s a secret space back there where you can hide. Can you help him find it, Allie.”

“Sure, dad.”

Allie then went towards the seats in the very back of the bus and showed Jaehwang all the space in the secret hiding area.

“Here’s a place for you to hide and avoid monsters. It’s a little stuffy in there right now but it will open up a bit more after the National guard inspection.”

“Thank you. But, are you sure this is okay?”

Jaehwang asked.

He wasn’t really afraid of the sensor but he didn’t want to anger their grandpa by not getting his permission first.

“It’s okay, but you could ask him.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang replied and moved towards the front seat of the car to find him.

The military bus then made a quick stop in front of the valley gate. Timothy then asked the soldiers around,

“What’s going on?”

“The code is MH9. Can we see your hunter license and driver’s license please.”

“Here you go.”

The guy then shook his head and handed back his stuff letting them pass through.

Jiijjii

The door of the military bus then opened and the rest of the soldiers came onto the bus.

One of the soldiers then shouted from the back of the bus,

“Wow, there’s five monsters?”

The face of the driver of the bus then turned red as he shouted,

“What, is that too difficult?!”

Although they were only third tier monsters they were much bigger than usual.

“Don’t annoy me!”

Timothy shouted.

“We are currently going through inspection.”

The hunter in the passenger seat alerted.

“Good.”

Then Timothy looked at the back of the bus and noticed the other hunters talking quietly to each other.

“Did someone die?”

“I heard that about 18 people died.”

“Wow...”

He exclaimed in surprise as he heard that 18 people had died.

Goosebumps began to show up on his arm just thinking about how dangerous their mission was about to be.

“I...”

A hunter from the back seat whispered.

“What is it?”

“Someone who’s not on our side, the Bileon perhaps, is actually on this bus with us.”

A Son’s Mistake, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 171: A Son’s Mistake 2




#1

One of the soldiers then had a shocked look on his face. He took off his seatbelt and pressed the button to try and silence his weapon a few times. Immediately after that, they were able to see their surroundings more clearly. Everyone there began to quickly surround the military bus. The leader, Clark, looked over to his children and saw something he had never seen before. Their bus was filled with his entire family.

Everything had to be safe. He then quickly got up and went towards the back of the bus. When he got back there, he saw his father and a scuffled paper with something written on it that they couldn’t figure out.

Suddenly he then heard an unfamiliar voice from somewhere behind his father.

“Huh.... Oh!”

“Dad! They’re going to hurt them! I don’t know what to do,” his son said, worried about the upcoming fight. Seeing the anger and fear in his eyes, his father knew he couldn’t ignore his worry and he had to help him relax.

“We won’t be able to do anything with an attitude like that. We can do this, just trust me.”

Although he assured his son that everything was going to be fine, he still felt a little anxious himself. His son was a little reckless at times but he was a hunter as well.

“Son, come with me”

“Dad!”

“Shut up! Our family is in trouble, how can I relax!” Timothy shouted. His father understood his anger and nodded his head and hugged his son. With the entire family on the military bus, they were able to get closer and understand each other better.

“What are we going to do?” He asked a soldier next to him, he took a moment to answer his question.

“We’ll carefully make a plan for code MH9 Bileon group. With all of our skills, we should be able to do this. Also, the bus isn’t doing very well. Prepare for an explosion.”

“Yes, sir!” Everyone said in reply to the commander’s update. Shortly after that, a few things began to explode near the bus and they did their best to protect themselves from some random shrapnels that were ripping through the air.

“Explosives!”

Kwang Kwang Kwang Kwang!!!

The person on the bus responsible for the explosives went on with what he had prepared, he sent the bus flying 10 meters into the air and when the bus fell down on the ground, a follow-up attack was given.

“Keep attacking!”

Teuk teuk teuk teuk!! Kwang Kwang!

Everyone began to attack and do whatever they could. The military bus had its own shield but it was really weak due to the explosions that it already took.

“....”

Timothy calmed himself down and took a few deep breaths. His parents and the team were the town’s saviors. If it wasn’t for them, everyone would have been in serious danger even more than they already were. However, one mistake could kill then all.

“Arrgh!” A son in the arms of its mother shouted. Their house had burned down so they were riding on the military bus with the rest of them.

“We have to do this. For the other families here. Ugh, this is all because of that guy,” Clark said while sitting on the floor. He was getting quite frustrated. They had to end the battle and get their enemies arrested but of course, that wouldn’t be so easy.

After some thinking, timothy got up and walked out of the commander’s seat. He then went and talked with one of the other soldiers.

“There’s been evidence found of where the Bileons could possibly be hiding. We may not have captured the MH9 but we still have a chance to get enough of them,” he said but that’s not what timothy was thinking about at the moment.

“Wow... Did 18 people really die?” Timothy asked. The other soldier then tilted his head and answered his question.

“If my guess is correct then the cause of all this trouble must be Hector’s gang. That’s who it usually is but some of the people that died were on their side...” The soldier said and Timothy then began to think. If the Bileons really were as cruel as they made themselves out to be, he won’t believe it.

“This stupid idiot!” Timothy then turned around and saw someone. That mysterious person looked at them before he started to march towards Clark.

“Huh?”

“You’re going to die!”

Pong! Pong!

“Dad! I’m sorry, I made a mistake!” Timothy shouted. He had no other choice for his family.

“Idiot! Do I have to teach you a lesson?!” His father shouted as he continued to walk towards him and once he got close enough, he started hitting him.

“Dad, I’m sorry! I did it for them!” The son shouted with his shaking voice. His sister Jenny then heard all the noise and shouted at their father.

“That’s enough!” She hit him and he fell onto the ground. Ally then heard what was going on and she soon saw them fighting.

“You guys! Stop it!” Ally shouted as she looked at them, calling up a few moments of silence that soon calmed everything down.

“Phew...” Jaehwang then looked at Timothy with a bitter expression. They’ve only just met each other but they had a fairly good first impression. Although he felt like the son was a part to be blamed, he could understand why he did it and he didn’t want to make any trouble between them anyway.

—That’s it? You’re going to just leave them alone?

—Yea. We shouldn’t bother him.

—Why!? If it wasn’t for you then many more people would have died! Why are you trying to be nice!?

The spirit shouted but Jaehwang just ignored it. His decision was final.

—It doesn’t matter.

Jaehwang’s 20-year-old face changed its appearance so that he could look like in his mid-twenties. That change was caused by the spirit’s spell, however, Jaehwang wasn’t bothered by it.

It was now time to show them his skills. Maybe if their leader knew about the spell then he would have been kicked out by now but it seems that they didn’t mind him there.

Today, they lost a lot of families but the hardest thing for them was losing their bus. Their leader was angry and none of them knew what to do.

And the worst part about it was that Timothy lost his trust in his family...

—We’re going back.

—Wow, you’re being such a nice person.

The spirit replied. Jaehwang then turned around and started on his way back. Suddenly, he heard a loud scream coming from the direction that he was walking towards.

“What’s going on!” Clark, Jennie, and their leader were surrounded.

“There’s nowhere to go. The code MH9 of the Bileons must have been responsible for this!” Their leader shouted.

“Dad!” Timothy shouted for Clark, his dad.

“That idiot...” Jaehwang mumbled to himself. That family didn’t seem to be done with causing him some trouble. Whoever is at fault for this incident would pay and Jaehwang would now make sure of it.

—It sounds like they’re in trouble.

—Huh? What’s going on?

—Just give me a few minutes to come up with a plan.

—Okay.

As the spirit prepared a plan, Jaehwang quickly ran towards where the family was by following the sound where it came from. He took a look at the situation when he got there and with a pitied look, he whispered into Timothy’s ear.

“I’ll help you guys, don’t worry.” Just as Jaehwang spoke, the boy’s eyes opened in surprise.

“Y-you came back.”

“Of course.”

“You’ll be safe, so don’t worry,” Jaehwang said and Timothy then smiled.

“T-Thank you”

#1

“I am the one to blame for your misfortune.”

“Everyone, take cover!” Jaehwang said to the family.

“Sir Jaehwang, you have already helped us so much, we are very grateful.”

“No problem,” Jaehwang said in reply to the family’s leader.

They were thankful that things weren’t as severe as they could have been. It was all because of Jaehwang.

“There’s something I remember Gwanjae telling me...” Gwanjae had given him a lot of advice that has been useful to him recently. He was ready to go into the fight without any doubt of fears.

“I’ll help.” One of the soldiers from the family’s side said.

“What should I call you?”

“My code name is very complicated since it is from overseas, just call me Derek.”

“Okay. Nice to meet you, Derek.” Jaehwang said with a short but appreciative smile. Although he actually wanted to refuse his help, he decided to let him in.

A Son’s Mistake 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 172: Jaehwang Reveals Himself




#1

“We came here to sort things out. It should be easy to get everything we need through hacking.” The soldier on the driver’s seat said as he passed a big tablet to Jaehwang.

“Hm...” Jaehwang took the tablet and thoroughly checked all of its information. Their plan was all set up and they were ready to go. Everything was planned out so that they would be able to handle any inconvenience without that much trouble. Especially because everything had already been turned inside out.

“Everything looks good.”

“Thanks. Now we should be ready to get started.”

“Good,” Jaehwang said, shaking his head in satisfaction.

“Okay, let’s get going.”

“We’ll start first thing tomorrow morning, it’ll be perfect.”

“Sounds good. I’ll review the places where we have to go. However, I don’t know how freely we’ll be able to get going tomorrow.” Jaehwang said and the soldier in the passenger seat nodded his head. It seems that there would be a lot in store for tomorrow and they had to keep a lookout for surveillance.

“Got it but there’s a lot of things that we can expect. It could also take longer than we thought.”

“That’s fine.”

“Okay, let’s begin,” he said, speeding up the bus so start their long drive from sunrise to sunset.

***

Derek prepared to enter a tranquil lake in the area.

“I did prepare for a safe arrival but now, there’s no need for that. We’ll just continue on as we please.”

“Okay.”

They were near a villa and they could also see a mansion just a few feet away. It was located deep within the middle of the woods. Things didn’t seem to be what he had expected.

“But isn’t this too expensive? It looks like we’ll need a lot of time to set everything up...” Jaehwang said as he looked around in surprise.

There were people casually walking around the neighborhood. It seems that they wouldn’t be able to get their plan started since this place looks like it was filled with people that were discharged from the military. There was about 140 military personnel that were scattered around them and there could be someone strong among them. Jaehwang knew that they had to be careful.

However, after looking at all of the nuances for a moment, he felt like he was able to understand them. Of course, that didn’t mean he liked them but it made things simpler. He knew that he didn’t have to worry about them. “Alright, this shouldn’t be too hard.”

“Good. We’ll get started first thing tomorrow.”

“Alright.”

#2

That night, they found a place for them to park the military bus and relax. After alerting the team of all the information that they knew so far, they got back up and moved on. It was a special American and Korean relationship that kept the information hidden.

“How’s everything going?”

“Just as planned.” The soldier replied.

It wasn’t anything too difficult and they were moving pretty fast. All they had to do was to finish things up and then disappear without leaving any tracks behind. Would they be able to do it? The tracks that they gathered weren’t that bad but they almost got themselves in trouble.

“Why didn’t you tell me before we came all this way?!”

“I didn’t know either. Now after we finish this, we’re going to have to get moving right away.”

“Look at this. Does it look like we’ll be able to get out of here? It looks like they’re ready to chase us down at the moment we do something.”

“Ugh, how could this have happened all of a sudden....”

He was 24 years old and was known as a very popular hunter. Of course, people would be on the hunt for him. After that, they weren’t sure about what to do next. His only guess was that it could have been someone in the military bus that secretly gave out his whereabouts. But, that didn’t add up either as they had only just met so there was no way someone could have ratted him out that quickly.

His skills would be reduced if his information were to be revealed. If they knew about all of his skills and the details on them, Jaehwang would have to change the plan completely. They had to be very careful.

“We’ll be able to go over everything eventually,” he said, looking at all of the security equipment in the room...

But even so, he seemed to be very calm.

“Wow, our American protective system is really slacking today,” he followed.

“It came from the airport... You don’t know how to register to the Oracle system? If you were to go through a normal route then you won’t need to register to that, right?”

The Oracle system was made to help others find hunters more efficiently than any other system. It could track them down even if they were using a hiding skill. However, the hunters did find some way around it. Although it took a lot of work to figure out, Jaehwang was able to bypass it.

“There used to be a top-secret entry on my side where we could use our energy limitlessly. With the data that we have, we can only check the entry to clear everything.”

“What?!”

Tak!

He said in shock as he instantly stood up from his seat, causing it to fall onto the ground. “We should be able to hack the Oracle now. Get ready.”

“Okay... I’ll make sure they can’t find our tracks. The Oracle system is currently in its normal opeating conditions.”

Their capabilties in terms of hacking was limited since the military team has turned analog and of course, they won’t be able to decieve them permanently. They would be found out eventually but luckily, their deception has lasted long enough.

“I can’t believe this...”

He felt that they were going to be perfectly safe. They had already discarded all of the unecessary information that they had gathered through their scientific and systematic systems.

The worst part was that if they failed, then he would have to report it back to this hunter team HQ who had their trust in him. But, luckily it seemed that that wouldn’t be his fate, as everything with the Oracle system was going fairly good.

“Don’t you think that America could be responsible for all the troubles happening in Korea right now?” Jaehwang asked..

Although he was a bit unsure, his smart thinking and small movements already made him a target for danger. Obviously, that fact did scare him because there was an extremely simple way that they could take. Although they did make a mistake with their very broad interpretation of their protection system.

“Why did he come?”

“I don’t know,” he replied.

“Wait, what happened?”

His grief then grew deeper. The Virginia Military team in America had a lot of important installation and industrial incidents. Just hearing about those places sent a shiver down his spine.

“First we’ll meet them. Let’s go get ready.”

“Alright.”

“First we’ll try to figure their intentions. We still haven’t even met him personally. That might be a good thing.”

“Yeah...”

“Ah, his security level is even higher than Gwanjae’s. He’s even a lot more dangerous.”

The soldier said and his assistant looked surprised. Gwanjae’s current security was supposed to be the most sophisticated one he had ever seen. Only a level 8 hunter could beat that.

“How is that possible...” His assistant replied as he had a hard time understanding what it meant. The soldier then replied saying,

“Gwanjae is very safe. He’s an unbelievably talented hunter. This definitely won’t be easy but, that ‘Jaehwang’ person is someone that we definitely had to look out for. However, it shouldn’t be that hard to find a way to defeat him. He is just a young twenty-year-old hunter after all. But even so, he is a level 8 hunter... Do you think he could be as dangerous as we think he is?”

“No way.”

“Alright, let’s go see.”

“Okay.”

As his assistant opened the door and walked out of it, he walked to the left side of the room and opened a drawer which he had some trouble pulling. He put on a pair of gloves and reached for something inside it. It was something sharp with a dark brown wooden handle.

“Darn it... I thought this would be easy to use.”

Tak...

A cloud of blue dust began to surround his hand.

“Woah...” He then closed his eyes to enjoy its feeling and with a bitter smile, he said, “This is making me feel kind of nervous.”

“I had already predicted that something like this would happen...” He mumbled to himself. There was a lot of important information and top-secret files that he had to sort through but he was too stuck in his head at the moment.

“In conclusion, assassination could be totally unavoidable... Darn it... I hope that it won’t be as bad as I think it would be...”

“We’re going to be really careful this time...”

A message then showed up on the monitor in his office.

[Level 8 hunter has arrived in Virginia]

Jaehwang Reveals Himself, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 173: Jaehwang Reveals Himself 2




#1

Click... Jikk

Jaehwang got up from his seat a little late in the morning and got one of his weapons. He picked up the usual and went on to set it up.

—We’re going to use this one?

Jaehwang said as he picked up the weapon from the set. The Nightmare King armor glowed as it sat on the bed. He prepared the special artifact weapon for another battle.

—Do you think I could use my hiding skill this time?

—Of course. The skill got weaker but, it’s not completely gone.

Compared to before, his skill was noticeably weaker.

—It is different from before.

—Try to take it easy.

The spirit suggested and Jaehwaang nodded his head.

—How about this?

—That should be fine.

Jaehwang then begins to put on the armor set.

[Shadow Hell Set Completely Installed] – Special Set (5/5)

[Set Effects]

[Hiding skill: increased by 20 percent.]

[Hiding skill system energy increased by 30 percent.]

This armor set has been given to him by Mr. Hwang.

He then put his hood over his head.

—It’s time to flip the switch.

—I have to wear this...

Jaehwang showed an unsatisfied look on his face. After going to America, he was provided a new suit for battle and he had also gotten many weapons. It was a little overwhelming for him and the weapons also take a lot of energy to be used but of course, they were very useful.

—At least it was free.

—I guess so.

The good thing was that it was all free. Although that didn’t really matter to him, they were made from expensive materials so he had to be at least grateful about it.

At the beginning of the generation mashup, teams of hunters had worked together by sharing their weapons and talents. They made many special artifacts together for their teams and they all had one goal.

‘To have something with power beyond a special artifact’

To master their craftmanship so that they could make themselves unstoppable, that was their real goal. Some had said that it was for their souls but of course, it wasn’t. It was the goal of those who came before them and out of all the weapons that they had made, their most powerful weapon would be chosen as their own special artifact.

—This is going to be difficult to handle.

—I know.

The spirit replied. Neither of them had no idea what to expect. However, they still had to get the permission so they didn’t worry too much. They were determined to not give up and Jaehwang was ready for whatever would come their way.

—They’re so sparkly.

—Aren’t they always that way?

Jaehwang said in reply to the spirit about the weapons. The medal on the artifacts was shining quite brightly, it seemed to be made out of high-quality material.

—This is like a piece of art...

He said, looking at the armor after putting it on. Of course, the fanciness was useless but it was still nice. It was perfect and Jaehwang felt very confident in how things were going to go.

[Overpowering Set] – High-Ranked Set

Overpower Helmet

Overpower Shoulder blades

Overpower Gloves

Overpower Boots

It was clear to see that it had a high rank. It seemed to be a very special set and obviously, that’s what made it so powerful. If there was any problem with it, it would be the glossy polished look it had. That kind of feature made him stand out which wasn’t a good thing for a hunter.

—Let’s borrow these two.

—Okay.

He took out a few weapons to use as well.

Jaehwang then went to eat breakfast with Derek and his phone suddenly started to ring. Derek then looked at his phone and asked,

“Who is it?”

Jaehwang then smiled and replied, “It’s a number I don’t know so I’m not sure if I should answer it.”

“I see,” Derek replied. He was feeling much less stressed about things than the previous day.

After breakfast, he left out of the door. He then stopped in front of the weapon room they were in yesterday. The military bus was in the big yard in the back of the building. There were guards there who were lined outside of the truck to escort Jaehwang.

There were 12 soldiers that were wearing matching uniforms with long capes. Although they were only 12 of them, they looked very powerful. All of them were together as a clan and they were helping Jaehwang.

“Here...” Derek handed Jaehwang a long cape to match the others and Jaehwang politely took it and put it on. It was just like the rest of the soldiers however, it did have some gold printing on it.

“Today we have to...” Jaehwang said as he looked at the other soldiers. He stopped talking before finishing his sentence as he noticed the worry in their eyes.

“Today we will give it our all and succeed,” Jaehwang said with a shrug. Derek then laughed a little and shouted,

“We will win!”

“Yes!” The other soldiers shouted in reply.

#2

“Did you make the call?”

“It failed.”

“Hm,” he said in reply to his assistant as he stroked his chin and began to worry. Things weren’t going as he planned. “This isn’t good. I don’t know what we should do...”

Originally, he was going to get a job in Virginia but there was no way that he could miss out on this chance to destroy that high-ranked hunter. He wanted to try even though there was a chance that things could turn out badly.

“We need all the information that we have...”

“Yes, sir.”

“Do you think it’s possible for us to get through?”

“It won’t be easy. We’re going to have to work very hard.”

“I understand,” the boss replied.

America was currently in the process of claiming Justin Point in Korea while attacking the Korean soldiers in the process.

“We’re going to have to plan out everything down to the last detail. How will we protect ourselves from the monsters that we could run into?”

“Of course that’s going to be the hard part. However, the most important thing is that everything we really need is in the basement and they’re safe,” the soldier replied.

“Alright.”

“Don’t worry, sir,” the soldier assured him.

They were doing their best in order to prepare to go up against a level 8 hunter. They wanted it to be perfect with every single step.

“Do you think you can ask someone a favor for me?”

“Sure.”

Jaehwang Reveals Himself 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 174: Invincible




Jiikk

A white light could be seen from the eighth floor of the building. Jaehwang stood on the outside of the building for a moment. The window looked very old. It looked like it was once a Red Cross hospital. However, it was clear that it has been destroyed and abandoned after the generation mashup. The building was in a terrible condition but because America still really needed the hospital, it was still in use.

People were inside, receiving treatment by the employees that could be found anywhere. It was just as busy as it once was despite its current circumstance. Jaehwang, Derek and his soldiers lined up outside of the building.

“I feel kind of terrible after seeing this place like this.” It was like a scene out of a movie. He felt a bit uneasy even though he was the leader.

“It’s strange but we’ll get used to it.”

“I can’t do this.”

They walked onwards as if they’re there to capture the ones inside but then, they felt a strong force acting as a barrier for the people inside the building. All they had to do was to walk through the door but, of course, even that simple thing was not easy for them to do.

“Hm, it feels as if we’re in Gwanjae’s presence.”

“Y-You’re right...” One of the clan members said in reply to Jaehwang. The moment he called Gwanjae his grandfather, Derek faced his head to the ground. Jaehwang didn’t know this, but at that moment, he was thinking of all the things Jaehwang and Gwanjae had in common.

“Well, let’s get going,”

“Yes, sir!” The other clan members said in reply to Jaehwang. Today, Jaehwang was leading him because of the great power that everyone knew he had.

“Wait.”

Deuk

Derek said before he slightly opened the window so that he could see what’s inside it.

Jikk Jikk Jikk...

The floor would make a creaking sound every time Jaehwang would take a step forward. The rest of the clan members followed right behind him.

“How are we supposed to get to the office in here?”

“Give me a moment to think about it. Ah, also, can you guys do me a favor?”

“Sure.” One of the clan members waved their hands, directing Jaehwang into the right direction while Derek went a different way with the other clan members. Later, they reached the third floor and arrived in front of a hospital room. Jaehwang slightly knocked on the door before he went inside it.

There were four people inside the hospital room. Ally was sitting in one of the chairs and behind her was an injured person. It was Timothy and he was lying on the bed injured.

“Who...” She said as she heard the door being opened, she looked back to see a person standing at the door who was still wearing a hood over his face.

“It’s me. Timothy...”

“Huh?” Timothy replied, tilting his head at the strange voice that he just heard. Jaehwang took the hood off of his head and Timothy then immediately recognized his face.

“Ah, it’s you...” Timothy said with a shocked face. A lot of thoughts began to run through his head at that moment. They were all currently in a very difficult situation and he thought Jaehwang was dead.

“It’s you!” He said happily. Timothy then placed his hand on Jaehwang’s shoulder and his face then turned red.

“I’m sorry. This is all happening right now because of me...” Timothy said to Jaehwang regarding the incident that happened the previous day. He didn’t know that Jaehwang already knew everything.

“I know, I heard about it. Don’t worry, I’m not gonna hate you for it.” Jaehwang said and Timothy nodded his head. He took a deep breath of relief and asked,

“How did you get here? Isn’t it dangerous?”

Timothy asked in a low tone as he looked around. He didn’t want any of the nurses to come in and see that Jaehwang was there.

“At first we... I was strongly against the Bileons but now we have to work with them,” Jaehwang said with a shrug.

“Really? Wow”, Timothy replied. Ally, who was sitting next to him then stood up and greeted Jaehwang.

“Sorry. You can’t see him right now-”

“It’s okay, I understand. I was just on my way out.” Jaehwang then followed, “Is he doing okay?”

“The bus exploded and he got badly injured. Although the nurse said that he will be okay in time...”

She couldn’t say any more as tears started to form in her eyes. Jaehwang began to feel terrible once he saw how hard things were for them. Maybe if he could have done it better, this wouldn’t have happened. Jaehwang was an orphan and even if he had Mr. Song, he felt alone after losing his parents in a car accident.

Although he was healed, that didn’t really make him feel any better. He no longer wanted to hide behind that sad little child anymore.

“I’m sorry,” Jaehwang said.

“No no, this is all because of my stupid son,” she said and Timothy’s face turned red in shame once again. Just then, they heard a knock on the door and Derek walked into the room.

“Jaehwang, everyone’s ready.”

“Already?”

“Yes. First, we’ll finish up everything we have to do here then we’ll move to a bigger hospital with a better service. Also, we’ve already talked about splitting the hospital fees amongst everyone.”

“Good work.” Timothy listened as Derek and Jaehwang talked.

“What’s going on?”He asked.

“It’s the reason we came.”

“Really...”

“We didn’t want to just leave you here. We had to do something.”

“It’s okay, you don’t have to do this...” Timothy said.

“Don’t worry, we can do this,” Jaehwang assured him. The biggest problem would be taking the entire family home without the help of a military bus. The country did owe them some compensation but it would be difficult to deal with that at the moment.

It would take at least a month of waiting and they definitely did not have the time to wait although things would be a lot easier if they had it. They didn’t have any money at all because all of it was on the bus.

They were in a difficult situation.

“You and your son will be moved to the same hospital so you two will be able to stick together.”

“Where are we going?”

“First we’re going to get what was taken from us,” Jaehwang said with a smile and after a little bit of thinking, Timothy nodded his head and said to Ally,

“Mom, Can I leave for a moment?”

Ally then nodded her head. She trusted Jaehwang. Timothy followed Jaehwang outside of the hospital room and down the hallway. He was surprised to see the other clan members standing there. Jaehwang and Timothy then continued to walk with the other clan members following right behind them.

“Who are you?”

“I’m a hunter.”

#2

They arrived at their destination in Virginia and went through a dimension gate.

The first gate was close by but it was very crowded. Although the one that they went to was still crowded, it had fewer people there compared to the other gate. A lot of dead monsters were scattered around the area.

More and more hunters then began to gather around the area.

“Wow, there’s a lot here,” one of the hunters said as he looked at his phone.

“Yeah. With all of the other hunters here as well, this should be easy.”

“That’s right. Should we go somewhere else?”

“No, we should stay. There’s still a lot we can do here. It’s what the boss ordered.”

“Of course.”

The assistant then left and checked his secret bank account on his phone.

[20,000.00$]

“Great, everything’s going well.”

He had been saving up as much as possible from his raids and his other jobs.

Since he was in his early twenties until now in his mid-forties, he only had a third level hunter license. With such a low rank, it wasn’t easy for him to make much to save.

Click!

“Sir!” His assistant shouted as he ran into the room.

“What is it!”

“Well... T-there’s..”

“Breath, talk to me slowly!” The boss then stood up from his seat as something like this was unusual for his assistant.

“They’re here.”

“What?”

“You have to go!”

“What are you talking about?!” As the boss didn’t realize what he was saying, his assistant quickly rushed to get his things and quickly went out of the door.

“What is he talking about?!”

“You know that kid’s old parents, right?”

“Yes, I know them.”

“They seem different than usual. It’s like they have some kind of power on their side. It has to be someone new.” The boss then took a moment to think about what his assistant said and then, he seemed to have realized something.

“We have to go!”

Invincible, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 175: The Chase




#1

They received the money to install the facilities on the northern side of Virginia. After a problem came up, they simply dealt it over with their money so that they would be able to buy some new equipment for hunting. Once they captured a few monsters, they went to the place where they could trade its corpse for cash.

On the northern side, there were a lot of complaints in that building and inside of it was filled with strange and unusual energy. Usually, when a civil complaint happens, all they had to do was to get a government official to handle it. However, they were all in a difficult situation and couldn’t fully focus on that problem.

A twenty-year-old person stood quietly in an office with Jaehwang, Derek and Timothy. They went there to find a lawyer.

“I’ll see what I can do. Can you show me your certification?”

“I don’t have it,” Jaehwang replied. The lady then folded her arms and said,

“Sir, this would have been much easier if you had just called here first. Why would you just come here out of nowhere? It must have been a really big emergency. I don’t want to make this problem bigger than it already is. There is nothing inside of these documents right now but I don’t want to waste any more of my precious customer’s time so I’ll just give them to you.” The lady then went to get the documents.

“I can’t specifically find what you’re looking for but you can take these and look through them.”

So far, they were unsuccessful in finding that lawyer.

“As you can see there is nothing we can do. However, the code MH9 Bileon said that this was the place to get it from...”

“This is the Federal Burea of Investigation. Good. Here’s my certification.”

He found his certification in his bag and handed it to the lady.

“You can see the details on this situation yourself so please, tell me what you think,” Jaehwang said while they again waited patiently.

“Did you find their corpses? That’s all I would need to see to believe you. Did you report the sighting? Where is it!?

Tak!

“What!!” The lady then stood up and walked away, causing her chair to fall down onto the floor. All of the soldiers felt very offended by her lack of respect.

A short lawyer then took a few steps back but they noticed him. He knew who they were. He was a part of a Korean clan.

The reason he left and came to America was that he was offered better pay. He was on illegal confinement and received a message, saying he was pushed out of the National Hunter Association. After that, all he wanted to do was find them.

At moment he began to say something...

‘Huh?’

He then heard some footsteps.

Duek... deuk... deuk...

Suddenly his knees started to shake. The footsteps had stopped. It seems that they’ve wanted to keep going but couldn’t go any further and it was as if he was being blocked. It wasn’t like any legal force, he suddenly had a hunch that he should be quiet.

‘I could die if I take another step.’

He felt as if he couldn’t control his own body and soon, an angry feeling began to well up inside of him. He felt a numb feeling slowly making his way through his body starting from his feet and at the tip of his fingers.

It was something that he had experienced before and it happened every time he came close to a monster.

Tak...

He then felt something on his shoulder. His knees had gone completely week and when he looked back, he was surprised at what he saw.

“Sir.”

“Step aside.”

“But...”

“Looks like there could have been a big problem even if we were just a little late.”

“Yeah... What’s that...”

“I would alert the National Defense of the country but there’s an important visitor there at the moment.” One of them said as he took a few steps back while his commander walked forward.

He looked at his commander with a face full of anxiety. Obviously, he was very worried about what they could possibly encounter. Especially after all the of the news broadcasting about the monsters around them.

They came through the seventh gate to get to Virginia to complete their task. The military patrol there were very strong but his commander was even stronger. He could easily tear them in half as if they were just a piece of paper.

Monsters didn’t even stand a chance against him. After looking around for a moment, Jaehwang reached out his hand. Derek then stepped back even more.

A lot of things have changed with the American army and those who were in charge. Just like the battle before, it wasn’t exactly a war against monsters but it did contribute a lot to it.

Three people stood right before them and they immediately recognized one of them. If they had enemies in Virginia then they could not risk disobeying their leader. As long as they did what he said, everything should go well.

He then handed out his hand.

“I heard that the hunters in this neighborhood gave Alexander Hamilton their responsibilities. This could be some kind of trap.”

A free-spirited looking guy then walked towards them. Jaehwang then recognized him and smiled.

—How’s your head?

—It’s fine, better than it used to be.

—Good.

Everything was going great at the time. The friendly atmosphere was a little suspicious so they decided to relax as they kept up their guards.

“My name is Jeon Jaehwang,” Jaehwang said as he reached out his hand. The guy looked at him with an expressionless face. Of course, he was very surprised on the inside but even so, he just calmly shook his hand.

“Nice to meet you. I’ve heard a lot about you,” he said.

Jaehwang was clearly a young hunter so he was too surprised by his strength.

“So, what brings you here?” He asked Jaehwang.

“Yesterday a group of defense hunters for the state harmed our friend Timothy so we’re here for an apology from them and get them punished legally.”

“Hm, I understand. The files.” The guy replied as he handed over the files. He opened it up and read a paragraph of a page before he closed it once again.

“I want to say that it’s because of my carelessness but it’s clearly the fault of the tragedy of the American Hunter System.”

He shook his head and commander then smirked.

“How strong is he?”

It was kind of obvious for him to see how strong he was just by looking at him. He seemed more powerful than he could even imagine.

Pong pong!

Suddenly, the ceiling started to break immediately after a loud explosion. The marble floor began to break into pieces as the commander stepped onto it.

He was quietly using a skill on Jaehwang.

‘Strength Restriction’

His skill acted as if it was a spider web trapping him. It seemed as if it was far too strong for him to break, however, Jaehwang just placed his hood over his head.

“Just as I heard, you’re very confident.”

Whoosh...

Immediately, he became surrounded by energy. He began to use his legend skill that took a lot of his power, Jaehwang was only more powerful than him by about one percent. Everyone watching then turned pale in fright as they continued on and the first one to finally speak was the commander.

“Phew. Okay... That’s enough...”

He said in a tired tone. The commander reached out both of his hands and made his floating energy disappear. A crowd of hunters then rushed through the door.

The hunter in the lead instantly stopped as soon as he recognized Jaehwang.

“He the reason for the accident.”

Jaehwang wasn’t completely sure about what was going on but all of the hunters that entered the room looked at him.

“Who are you,” the commander said with an angry look on his face.

“I am a hunter for the Virginia Defense team-”

Pong ponggg! Kwang Kwang!!!

Before he could even finish speaking, they attacked.

“Oh, sorry. My hand often speaks before I do...” He said as he took a small towel out of his pocket to wipe the blood off of his hands.

“Soldiers...”

“Yes, sir?”

“Let’s get to work.”

The Chase, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 176: The Chase 2




There was an American flag on top of an antique wooden shelf and next to it was a head of a dead monster hanging on the wall. It looked like a level five or seven monster with horns sticking out of its head along with its big sharp teeth.

“Thanks.” The commander said to Jaehwang who then sat on the sofa.

After they found Timothy, the commander requested a private meeting with Jaehwang. It was now time to start their real plan. The room was filled with a piece of quiet country music coming from the radio as the commander took a sip from his coffee.

“Alright. Why would a monster like you come to a place like this? Can I ask you honestly now?”

He asked although he already knew what his answer would be. Jaehwang nodded his head and then commander said,

“Well...”

Jaehwang then took a pair of earphones off of his head.

“What?”

“Just a moment”

It was the set that he used to communicate with the other clan members.

“Nothing much... but”

Click...

He pressed a button and started a new machine.

“It would be great if he turned off the Oracle system,” Jaehwang said and the commander then asked,

“Huh?”

“The American Oracle system can be blocked,” Jaehwang said, making the commander stroke his chin as he thought about it for a moment. They don’t know who to contact for this one so they couldn’t do much about it. Nevertheless, he didn’t know what to say.

The door was then opened, a soldier came in and placed something onto the table before he left the room.

“Can we talk seriously now?” The commander said in a more serious tone.

“How do we gather everything first?” He asked.

Jaehwang then took a deep breath and replied, “I don’t know where to go after this.”

“I see.”

Jaehwang then took a sip of his coffee. The door was then opened once again and this time, four people walked in. Three of them looked to be in their late twenties while one of them seemed to be just a few years younger than the rest. She was a young woman with a pure appearance like the spirit.

—Hey! We don’t look that much alike!

The spirit said as soon as he heard his thoughts.

—She looks a lot like you. Don’t you think so?

—Psh. Hilarious.

“I’m the chief of the National Defense Team, Nial Howard. This is the chief of the Informations, Ronald Kaid and these are my two assistants.”

“My name is Jaehwang. I want to know about the machine but...”

“Haha, I know. You’re not even a part of any American clans,” Nial said with a laugh. He said it with a smile although it wasn’t much of a compliment. He had actually gone there to gather more information on Jaehwang.

His attitude was a bit overbearing however, to Jaehwang, he was more polite. Of course, Jaehwang wasn’t the same towards him and after meeting a lot of people, he learned how to deal with a lot of them.

“There’s a lot that I wanted to know about you,” Nial said with his sparkling eyes as if he was obsessed with him.

“You’re not more sorry than curious?...”

“I understand, things have been very complicated lately. It seems we have a love and hate relationship but maybe we can get past this and work together...”

He seemed like a person that talked a lot. Jaehwang then heard the spirit speak,

—She is really powerful. She has a special skill

—What is it?

—Friendship, Affirmation and a captivating charm? Something doesn’t feel right...

The spirit said and Jaehwang then glanced over to where she was sitting. She then smiled back and he found him to be beautiful...

—Isn’t it fascinating?

The spirit asked as she used a skill to help protect Jaehwang from her captivation.

—Isn’t it strange? Look at that person. Doesn’t it seem to be affecting him?

They then looked over towards the commander who was staring at her as well. Jaehwang then began to look a little fired up.

“One second...” Jaehwang said and Niall looked at him with a strange expression.

“Isn’t that enough?”Jaehwang then followed as he lightly waved his hand. Just then, energy began to well up in his hands.

Whoosh!

The moment Jaehwang’s energy passed by them, they secretly used a spell that made him scream as he held onto his head. It was a mind spell that made him feel the pain.

Niall then said, “I came here because I wanted to have an honest conversation with you. But, it seems that you had doubted me. I’ll ask you this one more time.”

Jaehwang didn’t tell them everything.

“Ugh...”

“Ahem..”

“Cough...”

Everyone sitting on the sofa then groaned. The commander was a level 6 hunter and when Jaehwang faced him, he looked very angry. His face was now covered in blood and sweat.

“P-Please stop...”

“Don’t answer that...” Niall said in a frightened voice.

“I forgive you,” He said giving up.

“Let’s not do this again.”

Depending on if Jaehwang agreed or not, their energy could be restricted. Jaehwang then looked at the commander and asked,

“Isn’t that an easy question?”

“Um... Um...” He replied with his voice still shaking.”

He was so nervous that he felt like he was going to throw up. Clearly, he thought things would be simple enough if he brought his agents here with their special skills. He was very powerful. Luckily it didn’t affect Jaehwang too much as he wasn’t in a bad condition.

Although he didn’t know about the skill, he could tell that it wasn’t something that anyone could have or easily use. It was very powerful and obviously, he had to find out more about it.

“Both of you, leave.”

“Yes, sir.”

Niall sent his two assistants out of the room. Maybe if he were to try and trick him again the easy question that he mentioned would turn difficult. Only four of them was now left in the room and of course, the atmosphere was still very tense.

“You want to know why I’m here?” Jaehwang said as the first one to speak.

“Yes, that’s what I want to know,” Niall replied.

“Are you thinking that I’m not satisfied with the recent politics of America and Korea and I’m here to protest about it?”

“That’s true,” Niall said with a nod.

“Well, I actually came here to warn America. It’s in trouble.”

“America is in trouble?” Niall asked in shock. If what he said was right, then he would totally have to get rid of his information assistant. However, before that, he wanted to hear what else Jaehwang had to say.

“Can you explain it a little more in detail?” Niall asked Jaehwang who then replied,

“Did you hear about Caroline? The girl who snuck her way into the National Hunter Association for an invasion?” Jaehwang asked.

Nial then nodded his head as he remembered that incident. He knew her well. She was quite powerful and led a lot of missions to victory.

“That incident also happened because of the church members...” Nial said. It was still complicated for a lot of people as there was not enough evidence for the investigators, therefore, they couldn’t find out who was at the bottom of it.

“Actually, it was the Samjeon church who was responsible for it. They were working as spies in the National Hunter Association.”

“That can’t be true!” Niall shouted as he stood up from his chair. The information found during the investigation was sent directly to him. He remembered all of it. He couldn’t believe that Caroline could have been a spy. She seemed so loyal.

“You should apologize. The only people spotted at the scene of the accident where you and your clan,” he said, implying that Jaehwang could be the one at fault. Jaehwang then shrugged his shoulder.

“What was the purpose of you coming here to deceive us?” Nial asked. Although they seemed to not believe him at all, they were very confused on the inside. What if what he was saying was true? Jaehwang then smirked.

“Because I ambushed them. But you don’t have to believe me.”

Jaehwang said. Nial did think that it could be true.

“Are you sure?”

“I’m positive.”

Niall felt a chill go down his spine as he thought of all the information that was given to him. If what Jaehwang said was right, then a lot of changes needs to be made. As much as he didn’t want to believe it, he couldn’t deny it. After Jaehwang told him everything about what happened when he caught her, he knew it had to be the truth.

“Well, looks like we’re going to have to go through some cumbersome steps.”

The Chase 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 177: A Level 9 Monster




#1

Niall tiredly sat down onto the sofa.

Why was he having such a hard time believing everything he was being told. It was because of them. It was so he could escape the public’s gaze. He wanted to hide from the church members.

“You don’t have to explain any further.”

He came to a conclusion. Everything was his responsibility from the beginning.

The surprise attack was his fault. Maybe everyone who was in the hospital was because of that attack. He would have to take responsibility to handle Korea.

Another clan was now standing before his eyes with a ‘secret weapon’. They seemed to be quite loyal.

While avoiding the eye of the American public their using bait to get the information they need. They’ve been lying low until they were able to send the secret weapon.

“Thank you for your loyalty in being the representative of America.”

“Thanks for letting me know about all this.”

Jaehwang then smiled.

“I’m also sorry for telling you this so late.”

He took a deep breath and nodded his head. It was just a relief that they were able to sort everything out.

“Nial, sir.”

“Yes?”

“Can you listen to me for now on?”

Jaehwang asked very politely.

“Okay.”

Nial replied.

He lost faith in the nation. It was time to reveal their true self.

As he spoke he thought very cautiously.

“Looks like the Oracle system is doing a much better job protecting the society than those who are responsible in America.”

“Agreed.”

His information assistant said as he nodded his head. He was a bit confused and didn’t trust Jaehwang at first but could have been just a misjudgement.

“Do you know anything about that guy named Baekren?”

“Baekren?”

“Who’s that?”

Nial replied with a confused tone.

“He’s the terrorist behind all of this.”

Jaehwang replied. Nial eyes then changed to a sharp gaze. Anyone associated with the word ‘terrorist’ was the most hated person in America.

“Go and find as much information as you can about him.”

Nial said to his information assistant.

“Yes, sir.”

His assistant replied and immediately took out his phone to start searching. There didn’t seem to be anything useful besides the fact that he had access to a lot of things in the Oracle system. After a few minutes of searching nodded his head and said,

“I can’t find anything.”

Nial then took a deep breath in and out in disappointment.

-Looks like he really doesn’t have a clue about who he is.

The spirit said to Jaehwang.

It did seem that they were clueless about who Baekren was.

“He...”

Jaehwang slowly began to tell them about Baekren.

He knew that telling them about him was very fragmentary. However, Jaehwang knew a way to tell him while also not revealing too much.

After Jaehwang finished the story they looked at him in disbelief for a moment before shouting,

“Are you being serious?!”

“It’s all true.”

“Unbelievable. Not only the church members and the Oaks, but also the Japanese clan?... Was it really Caroline that used that spell?!”

“Yes. I had to team up with a few people just to stop what they were doing. She was one of the best soldiers in the National Hunter Association. Clearly she’s had a connection with the Japanese clan to use that spell. It’s clear that Baekren helped her as well.”

“T-This is so hard to believe. If what he’s saying is true then Baekren isn’t just apart of the Samjeon church but then he’s also a part of the Oaks team...”

He said and Jaehwang nodded his head.

“From what I;ve seen he’s also individually very powerful.”

“Wow...”

Nial said as he was completely shocked.

The story was very difficult to believe. He knew the Oaks very well, they helped them get battle weapons. However, a lot of the Oaks soldiers who were led by Halcan did die with no explanation.

They were going to need a new Oak leader.

“I don’t know what to believe. Baekren helped us a lot here in America. Maybe all that is now in the past... However, even though he came to America he could have done all that to earn him a better position.”

“RIght.”

Jaehwang replied and then began to tell him a little more about Baekren to help him figure things out. After a few minutes Jaehwang picked up his coffee that had already gotten cold.

“It’s time to put an end to all of this.”

“Yes.”

Nial replied with a stone expression.

Everything Jaehwang had been telling him was so shocking.

When they went to the Alousu there was a very dense obstacle. Things still weren’t easy and were only getting more difficult.

Jaehwang then looked towards his information assistant.

“Information assistant sir.”

“Yes?”

He was a little surprised at Jaehwang’s question.

“Do you think that the spell could still be affecting without us noticing?”

“If you’ve already did something to undo it then I don’t think so.”

He said in reply to Jaehwang’s question but there was a slight look in his eyes that made it seem as if he knew something. In that moment the information assistant sat down onto the sofa. Jaehwang wasn’t surprised by the suspiciousness. He had a hunch on what was going on.

“Maybe he doesn’t mind if this is excluded out this time. Besides him being very powerful, he’s clearly a person filled with greed and lots of aspiration. But, looks like he can’t risk making anymore mistakes from now on.”

Niall said with a melancholy voice.

It was true that he had to be careful from now on.

Even they’ve been quite lucky so far...

“Yea. but we shouldn’t have to worry too much.”

Jaehwang said. Maybe that person was going to be the first to leave that place on that day and never come back. Jaehwang decided that it wasn’t something worth worrying about. Nial then asked more questions about Baekren. Jaehwang then took a deep breath.

Usually he would keep things like that a secret but it wasn’t the time for that. The sorcery wasn’t even Baekren’s specialty. With the help of the spirit Jaehwang could create spells just as strong as his.

Although he would have to do them in a different way, it would still work. He trusted Niall more than he did when he first met him and he got more information on the Oracle system therefore he had a better chance of tracking down Baekren.

Someone then busted through the door calling for Niall.

“Sir!”

“What is it?”

He went to Niall and talked to him quietly so no one else could hear. Niall seemed to be getting angry as he listened to what he was telling him.

“S-Something big happened. Someone came from the stoney hill gate recently.”

“What are you talking about?!”

Niall asked in an angry tone.

“These are the results of the report! A 9th tier monster was spotted near the gate.”

“What?!!”

Niall shouted as he looked at the report in shock.

It was a 9th tier monster. They were in serious trouble with a monster like that on the loose.

“Are you sure about this?”

“I’m completely sure.”

Niall was speechless. He had already decided to shut down his colony. Obviously that wasn’t such a good idea. They also had to evacuate all of their emigrants. Until their colony was fully protected they weren’t able to fight any monsters. Luckily, there were soldiers form the Alousu that could help them.

He looked over towards Jaehwang and told him the news.

“Do you think we’ll be able to protect civilians from a 9th tier monster?”

“It’s going to be difficult.”

Nial said with a serious expression on his face.

The people in the town were going to much harder to protect than the colony.

They were going to have to come up with a plan to lead the people to safety. The Alousu could be somewhere they could take them until the monster is taken care of.

“I’ll help.”

Jaehwang said. Niall then had an apologetic look on his face. The fact that Jaehang was ready to get in such danger to help them meant a lot to him. It made him feel terrible about what he assumed about him before meeting him. Jaehwang was a very powerful hunter so he knew that he wouldn’t have to worry about him.

He felt very thankful.

“No problem. I’ll gather a team from the base and bring them here.”

“It’s okay, don’t worry about it. I’ll set off by myself.”

Niall said and Jaehwang agreed to let him go.

Weighing between 100-150 tons it was the strongest monster they’ve ever gone up against.

“I’ll get going now.”

He said.

“I’ll go and prepare and then I’ll be right behind you.”

Jaehwang replied as he needed to get his weapons and the proper armor.

A Level 9 Monster, the end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 178: A Level 9 Monster 2




The National Guard sent their soldiers to help Jaehwang on his raid.

He began to prepare as the helicopter came to a landing and the soldiers waited for him from the ground. Derek was given some directions through his headset for them to make a safe landing.

Whooshhh!

Right before the helicopter took off, someone quickly ran into the helicopter. It was one of the soldiers that were sent to help him on the raid.

“I was sent here by my boss,” she said to Jaehwang. Jaehwang then nodded his head and as she took her seat, Jaehwang turned around and asked her,

“What’s your name?”

“My name is Jane,” she replied.

“Ah, okay,” Jaehwang said before he turned his head to face the window. The pilot flew the helicopter towards their destination as fast as possible and she then went to suit up in her hunter uniform.

“Hm.” She sat down as soon as she was finished sorting through her equipment.

Everyone inside the helicopter had shared the same blank face when they saw a girl coming in, they didn’t expect much from her skills but no one denied her beauty.

‘They don’t seem to be pleased with me being here.’ She noticed someone sitting in the passenger seat while wearing a hood over his face. It was still easy to see that he was quite handsome.

Jaehwang then suddenly turned his head and noticed her staring at him. Their eyes met for just a second before she turned her head towards the window with her face reddened with embarrassment.

Show the topography for Colony 22.”

“Okay.” One of the soldiers said in reply to Jaehwang. He picked up the tablet and began to search for the information with a few taps of his fingers before he gave him to Jaehwang so he could memorize it.

‘What is this guy doing!?’ Jane said to herself in confusion.

#2

They arrived at their destination 30 minutes later. After the helicopter landed, everyone got out of their seats and off of the helicopter one by one. Everyone had their weapons in hand and their power suits on.

“This way...” Jane led them through the gate. She swiped a card and was able to let them through..

Swoosh...

The gate showed their reflection like a mirror. The world inside of it looked exactly like the one they were leaving. They soon went through the portal and it felt so much different from the ones they had in Korea.

It reminded him of the gate that they had in Justin Point. Jane then led them into a neighborhood where a car soon showed up. They all then got onto it and headed to their next destination.

“We are now going to hunt the monster with a special raid team.” One of the soldiers on the bus then handed the tablet to Jane.

“What’s going on?”

“There’s not enough people doing the hitting and falling formation.”

“Of course...” She knew that they would encounter some problems on the way, she handed the tablet back to the soldier and that’s when she noticed something. “What’s this?”

“It’s tracking the movements of the monster,” the soldier replied.

A city appeared on the tablet. There was a building with a red line coming towards it.

“This is not going to be easy.” Jane wore a more serious expression that before. She got up from her seat to look through the window and it did look like as if a monster has been here before.

There were 5,000 people living in the colony and everyone was doing their best to take that monster down.

Of course, there was a possibility of dislodgement for those who didn’t take up arms but going in to fight that monster is obviously a risky mission.

Suddenly, a guy covered completely in red armor appeared in front of the bus...

“Stop the bus!”

Skrrttt!

The bus came to a quick stop.

“The colony is in trouble!” He shouted.

“Get out of the way!” Jane shouted to the guy standing in front of the bus.

“Darn it! I said to bring a high ranked hunter here! How are we going to be able to get anything done like this!?” He shouted as he took his helmet off of his head. He was a Caucasian man in his mid-forties with a shoulder length hair.

“We have to get going! Move!”

“I can’t move even if I die! I need to protect the colony!” The guy said with determination in his eyes.

“Just push him out of the way!” Jane shouted to the driver who was now covered in sweat. The guy standing in front of the bus was someone he knew very well. He was a friend that he haven’t seen in quite a long time.

“Come on!”

“Go ahead! Push me out of the way! I will stand by people!” The guy shouted and the driver couldn’t just run him over.

“Move him out of the way!” Jane said before she went towards the driver seat to take care of it herself. She was just going to push him out of the way.

Jiiiik

The door of the bus was then opened, Jaehwang went out to approach the man who was standing in their way and when he saw him, he couldn’t help but show the nervousness in his face.

Reynolds felt strange energy from him, that’s what made him nervous and he didn’t expect Jaehwang’s words at the moment he approached him.

“The monsters in the building are very powerful so we’ll handle the monsters out here.”

“Alright, we’ll handle the ones inside.”

“Great.” Jaehwang said, nodding his head as both of them came into an agreement.

“Ask him if he can join us on our mission!” Jane shouted.

“It looks like he has important work to do here,” Jaehwang replied. “5 minutes...”

“What?”

“I need five minutes,” Jaehwang said and disappeared right before her eyes, leaving a cloud of dust.

“Huh” After he disappeared, she looked around to find him and saw him in the sky. His speed was insane as he went up of the building, it was like a scene that could only be found in the movies.

Jaehwang ran towards the top of the building and he looked down at the moment he reached it.

“There’s more of them than I thought.” The situation wasn’t looking too good. He could see monsters everywhere.

—Spirit, can you search for how many are there?

—Sure.

The spirit replied right before she started searching for the monsters around them. They found out that there were hundreds of them there and they finally understood the reason why Reynolds couldn’t move in front of the bus. Monsters of varying ranks were all over the place.

They could be blocked but it would take too long. The most important thing was protecting the people in the neighborhood and it would be difficult to get them all to safety.

— Done.

“Thanks.” Jaehwang then started to think of a plan.

#2

“How are you going to do this alone!” Jane asked him.

“Can you give me five minutes? I can handle this...”

She couldn’t believe what he was saying. There was no way that he could take care of every single monster there in five minutes. She just checked their numbers and by that alone, she knew that that time would not be enough.

It was plainly ridiculous and Jaehwang seemed like a drunken man for even thinking that that was possible. However, as she began to doubt his plan more and more, a red light started to glow at the top of the building from where he was standing.

Kwang kwang kwang!!!

The red light then fell from the sky, shooting down all of the monsters below. Jaehwang also took his time to shoot them down by himself, killing them with one shot.

“Grraaghh!”

The monsters shouted in pain as they couldn’t escape the attack. Some fourth tier monsters were able to endure his attacks but nevertheless, they took a lot of damage and that bought enough time for the people to escape without worries.

“Wow...” She was speechless just like everyone else who saw him.

A Level 9 Monster 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 179: A Level 9 Monster 3




#1

They saw a monster on the second floor of the building.

It had purple scaly skin and big sharp teeth.

“Everyone, escape!”

“This is a warning alert! A level 6 monster has been spotted!”

“Attack! Attack!”

Pong pong pong! Pong pong!

They began to attack the monster.

As soon as they heard the alert the soldiers got to work. It was time to start the raid.

There were more soldiers coming through the gate to help them fight off the monster.

Teuk teuk teuk!!

“Aarrrggh!”

Monster shrieks were coming from everywhere as Jaehwang shot his arrows. Crowds of people were still running away to safety.

“E-escape...”

One of the soldiers said stepping back away from the monster. Usually a hunter could easily handle a situation but this wasn’t an easy fight.

“Grrghh...”

The monster had a pleased look on its face as it looked around.

It looked around as if it saw its lunch everywhere. Suddenly it reached towards the ground to pick up on of the people.

“Ahhhh!”

The person shouted. It planned to make him its first meal. The person’s mind went blank and couldn’t think of anything to do to defend himself. He was even too afraid to move.

The moment the monster wrapped its hand around the person to pick it up, it was shot multiple times.

Swoosh! Pong pong pong!!!

Arrows flew out of nowhere and exploded as they hit into the monster. The monster roared in pain as it let go of the soldier he was about to pick up and eat.

Kwanggg!

The monster collapsed onto the ground.

#2

“Phew...”

After the attack there was dust surrounding the area. The number of monsters were continuously decreasing.

-That’s the first time I’ve ever seen that person. What’s his skill?

The spirit curiously asked.

-I’ll tell you about him later.

Jaehwang replied as he continuously shot arrows.

-The progress to A rank seems to be increasing very slowly. How many monsters have we caught so far?

-361... We have to catch stronger monsters. The stronger the monster is the higher the rank progress increases.

-That is right. Looks like we have to start hunting stronger monsters.

Jaehwang replied. There was a lot more work left for them to do.

Suddenly he then heard a loud scream from the bottom of the building. So many eyes were on Jaehwang during all the chaos. It was up to him to make sure everyone remained unharmed.

-So this is what you were talking about.

-Yea.

Jaehwang said in reply to the spirit.

-Fame, anticipation, interest, admiration... time... Jealousy...

There was only one thing that he was worried about.

-We’re losing time.

There was only one positive thing.

-Have any ancestral tablets shown up?

-That would come in handy but...

The ancestral tablets help his skills have a stronger effect. But, sounds like things weren’t working out as well as they should have been. He looked around at everyone focusing on him. Everyone was counting on him.

-This is quite burdensome.

Jaehwang then remembered something that Gwanjae asked him.

Then he remembered his answer to that question.

“I will try to become stronger. I’ll become stronger so I’ll be confident in myself no matter what happens.”

At that time he was confident in his answer.

However, he realized how difficult it was to actually follow through with what he said.

Many people were cheering for him from down below. His father always told him not to be afraid but things felt so different since he was on his own.

-From now on, we have to go down the path of great morale.

-Let’s not try to define it. We don’t want it to be tied down to one meaning. You have to see the people in higher places.

-You’re right. Thanks.

-Don’t be nervous. No matter what happens we can handle it. I’m always here to help.

-Okay.

Jaehwang said in reply to the spirit’s motivating words.

-Shouldn’t they be on their way? I thought they said there was only five minutes.

It felt as if it had been more than five minutes already. It had been 6 minutes. They went one minute over.

-We missed the time.

-What happened?

-Not much.

Jaehwang said to the spirit.

People began to crowd around Jaehwang but he tried to signal to them to go onto the bus

“Is this not so urgent?”

He asked. Jane was standing blankly looking into the distance. She quickly came to her senses and led everyone onto the bus.

“L-Let’s go.”

She said with a shaky voice. Although she seemed really tough earlier, things were getting more dangerous.

-This should work.

#2

“Hey! I said to go that way!”

“I know! Look! I don’t think the attack can be blocked!”

“It’s coming!”

Pong!

Pong pong pong!!

A bright blue light came shooting out of nowhere.

“You’re right! We can’t block it! It’s too powerful!”

It shot through the sky light a thunderbolt. After that even more shots came flying through.

“There’s more!”

“Darn it! Work harder everyone!”

He shouted. One of the soldiers got a big shield to hide behind.

“This is really difficult.”

Things weren’t looking too promising at the moment.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The attacks didn’t seem to be doing much harm to the 9th tier monster. Dozens of arrows were being shot at it at once but the monster wasn’t backing down any time soon.

“We can’t do it! We have to retreat!”

“Commander David! People are getting bitten!”

“Alright!”

“Be careful!”

Grraghh!

The monster ate one of their soldiers who were lying on the ground injured.

“We have to concentrate.”

‘We’re going to have to do more than this...’

He said thinking of a way for them to get out of that place.

Pong pong!

He felt a special artifact break.

“Arghh!”

Pong!

He used his shield to protect him. There was a seventh tier monster flying as it attacked him but his shield was able to block it.

“Jeez.”

The monsters attack were very powerful. He couldn’t even think straight as he was blocking them off.

Pong pong! Pong!

Deukk deukk!

Suddenly there was a gigantic explosion that almost injured a few of their soldiers.

“Darn it! I told them to be careful!”

He said from behind his shield. Gunshots from the machine gun could also be heard shooting the monsters.

They then heard a loud dangerous roar from a monster.

It was a monster flying through the air.

Swooshhh!

A white light then appeared out of nowhere covering the entire area for a few seconds before slowly disappearing. However, the light left more than 50 meters of land covered in flames.

A Level 9 Monster 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 180: What monster?




“Lure it here!”

The commander shouted. All of the other hunters followed his orders... however, a problem occurred. Their military bus needed maintenance. One of its wheels were in lava.

Realizing the bus was stuck, the monster began to head towards it.

“It’s coming!”

“Help! Help!”

“Out of the bus everyone!”

The lava was spreading onto the bus. Everyone was screaming at the top of their lungs. The monster then soon heard all of the noise and began to slowly make its way near the bus.

“Use the mirror fortress!”

The commander said trying their best to block away the monster.

Jijijijijikk!!!

He was holding a big shield in his hand to try to protect as many people as he could.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

Shots suddenly came out of nowhere attacking the monster.

One of the soldiers were using their skill. The mirror fortress was doing a great job protecting the people from the attacks.

It was a very strong attack that didn’t just harm the monster, but was so powerful that also harmed anything near him.

‘Just a little more.’

He told himself trying his best to continue the attack.

Suddenly a monster flew over his head with a loud roar.

Pong! Pong!

More gunshots attacked the monster sending it flying off. However, there was another monster that was sneaking its way towards the bus.

Kwang... Kwang

There was now a monster head-butting into the military bus.

It’s attacks were very strong and violent but suddenly there was terror in its eyes.

It was time for a switchover...

All the monster seemed to look afraid all of a sudden. Except for the most powerful, ninth level monster.

“Get ready!”

A gold light begin to surround the powerful monster and it began to grow even bigger.

He was using a special skill from an armor set.

[Hercules Strength]

Its power instantly increased by about 200 percent.

After five minutes it seemed to have become stronger.

Pong pong pong!!

They shot at it continuously to try to destroy it as fast as they could.

However, that was basically doing nothing to help.

Kwang kwang!!

“Ahhh!”

The hunters and soldiers in the military bus scream as the monster continued to head-butt into the bus.

“Duck!”

Pong!

He warned them to duck and covered their heads as the glass from the windows were breaking.

Pong! Pong! Pong! Pong!

Whoosh!

Ponggg!

One of the attacks made an explosion that caused lots of impact and was able to injure the monster and slow it down.

“Phewu.. Phewu...”

After the attack Jaehwang then stopped to take a few deep breaths.

Clearly it wasn’t easy to kill a level nine monster.

Jaehwang was floating in the air glowing in red energy light. After gathering all of his energy he was ready to attack the monster again.

“Done!”

He had finished preparing his attack for the monster.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

“Look out boss! It’s dangerous!”

David shouted.

Their protective shield was getting weaker meaning they had to quickly find a new way to take cover and defend themselves.

Pang pang!!

Lightning struck the ground making the fire worse.

The lightning hit a pilar causing the building to slightly crumble.

Pang!

More lightning struck the ground and this time, it hit into the monster.

Kwang!

It fell onto the ground. Its whole body was sparking from the lightning. But...

“Darn it...”

It was still alive. Even worse, it was even angrier than before.

The commander was at a loss for words. They never expected anything like this.

Clearly what they had planned wasn’t going to be enough.

They needed more time to come up with a better plan.

Kwang!

One of the soldiers tried to use their skills and charge towards the monster. It didn’t help at all.

“That wasn’t a good idea.”

It felt as if they reached a dead end.

Luckily, they had a healer with them to help heal the soldiers who had gotten hurt so they couldn’t lose too many people.

The monster began to move its arms as if it was about to get up.

#2

“This is definitely not good...”

The monster was only getting angrier and they were becoming even more unprepared. And to make things even worse, more monsters were showing up. Thousands of the monsters that were once further away on the radar began to surround them.

‘It’s not safe here for any of us.’

The good thing was that they had a stronger shield. Nothing could break through it.

“Attack!”

The commander shouted.

Pong pong pong!!!

Kwang!!

The giant monster fell causing the ground to shake.

“Graghh!”

For the first time, the monster shouted. It seemed to have sprained its foot. One of the soldiers then started running towards the monsters.

“Where are you going?!”

The commander asked. He ran towards the monster and brushed by it only slightly but the monster reacted to the touch.

It was time for the crisis to begin.

“Grrrgh...”

The monster got up slowly. The soldiers were obviously feeling very frightened while hoping that they have enough power to fight it off.

One attack from the monster was fatal enough to kill them.

Their healer was trying his best to help everyone but him being the only one made it very difficult to take care of everyone.

“Arrghh!”

“No!”

The commander shouted but was too late. His attack had already been planned. However, he was too slow.

Whoosh!

The monster then flew up into the air again. His plan was for the monster to fall onto the ground again. He was going to aim at the monster as soon as he saw its giant shadow flying over him.

And just at the right moment...

Pong pong pong!!!

“Huh?”

His eyes suddenly opened wide in surprise as if he saw a ghost.

There was a screeching noise he heard that hurt his ears. Instead of falling from the sky the monster flew next to him.

He quickly made his attack while it was near.

“Ggrahh!!”

The monster shouted in pain. The soldier instantly went onto its next attack.

Kwanggg!!

The monster fell to the ground with a loud thump.

It seemed to be down for good after it slowly closed its eyes.

What monster?, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 181: What Monster? 2




#1

Kwang kwang kwang!

“Guureughh!”

The monsters roared in pain as they attacked. It seemed as if things were progressing for the raid team as the number of monsters decreased. It gave them a small light of hope.

Acceleration (S)

Penetration (S)

Ignore Defense (S)

With a special set of arrows, he was able to increase his shielding ability and Jaehwang was able to easily fight against anyone or anything that came his way.

“Hm...”

He looked over and saw someone staring into the distance. It seemed like he had already done a good job fighting off the monster.

That was a good thing.

“Where are you going to shoot?” He asked him as he looked around and when he looked up into the sky, he saw his arrows flying.

‘That.’

The commander then realized that he was the hero that came to save them. He remembered watching him on a few videos online and he admired him ever since. His technique, power, skills, strategy, and positioning, everything was perfect. He was flawless.

“Ggrreughh!”

The monster began to look angry and at that moment, it understood who to attack. He then began to run towards the monster.

Then...

“Let’s go!” Another soldier ran beside him.

“What are you talking about?!” He asked, confused. For a moment, he thought that they were losing their minds.

“Where are you going?”

“Just follow me! He’s coming, we have to get out of here!” He said and the other soldiers then followed him.

They were running from a level 9 monster and although they haven’t heard or seen it yet, they knew that they had to get out of there before it was too late.

“Hurry! Come with me!”

“Alright”

“We don’t have much time!”

“Okay!” He replied.

#2

Swoosh... Kwangg!

“Ugh!” The commander vented his anger by punching the boulder in front of him.

Kwang!

“Ughh!” Something struck his head and he instantly turned around to see what it was but he couldn’t see where it came from. 30 minutes had passed since an arrow flew by and everything had turned silent. “This is boring.”

“Are you still confused about where to go?” He sat down on the ground to watch what was going on. The soldier beside him just nodded his head as a reply.

It didn’t go the way he expected it to be. He originally thought that it was close by, he could easily use a long-distance attack but he didn’t know exactly where to aim. So, what was the answer to his problem? There wasn’t one. It wasn’t going to be so simple.

He was unprepared. The moment he thought that he was ready to fight, he got lost and didn’t know what to do. He took a moment to stop and look at his surroundings before he ran off in a different direction.

He soon found the tracks of his enemy after running for a little while. It seems that the monsters would be back and that’s the time where he could vent his anger towards his enemy.

Was that all?

“Do you think we can sweep the monsters in this area?”

Using an arrow didn’t seem to be the answer to their problems.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, a flock of arrows came flying out of nowhere. Everyone looked around to see who shot it but they were unable to see who it was.

“It seems close, it’s like an outrage is going on.”

“Alright. Be careful around here.” The commander said to the soldier.

They haven’t come up with a plan to fight that monster. They’ve never been in a raid as dangerous as this. They had no idea where the monster was but they knew that they needed to find it before it finds them in this place that seemed to be too quiet.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!!!

Swoosh! Kwang! Kwang!!

An arrow flew by which shot one of them in the head and about ten minutes later, he finally saw them. He ducked down to hide and instead of hunting the enemy, he tried to run from them.

Then...

Swoosh! Kwangg!

More arrows came flying by.

“Argh!”

He heard someone shouting in pain and it made his body shake in fear.

“It’s alive... I can hear it suffering.”

“Did you hear that?... it was a rare scene. Did you hear that, commander?”

“We could upload this on YouTube we could get a million views,” one of the soldiers said with an excited tone.

“We can’t do that. We just need to focus and take care of this,” the commander replied.

“Guys, I saw it too. We’re going to have to change our position to attack,” one of the soldiers said.

“Have you called the healer?” The commander asked.

“Of course... but it seems that he has gotten himself hurt. He’s no longer capable of helping anyone else,” he replied.

‘How are we going to do this...’

The commander thought to himself.

“We have to escape.”

“What?!” The soldier asked but then, he started to see it and was forced to step back.

“It’s alive, I think we got it.”

They thought that if they kept going like they were, they would see more progress. That’s what they thought but that wasn’t true, the raid wasn’t going so well.

“Let’s get out of here,” the commander said.

Finally, the long raid was coming to an end and the soldiers were clearly relieved about it. They knew that they couldn’t hunt a level 9 monster on their own.

“There’s a hunter...” A soldier shouted in shock. He saw one of the most famous and well-known hunters coming in to help them.

“What are you talking about...” The commander then turned his head and then, he saw it...

Swooshhh! Swoosh! Pong pong pong!!!

Arrows then came flying by. That hunter was there, they tried to escape from his attacks but it keeps getting stronger.

“Arghh!”

He was hit by an arrow but he kept moving, and soon he finally realized...

Running away was impossible.

What Monster? 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 182: A Level 9 Monster? 3




#1

Teuk… Swoosh!

A rain shower of arrows filled the sky.

— What are you doing? Snap out of it.

It was the first time where his arrows seemed to miss its marks but he also got his focus back after the spirit spoke.

— Oh, I was just thinking about the skill.

— Why?

He didn’t know how he was going to fight against a level 9 monster.

— It’s hard to explain.

Swoosh…

He went on until his hands had gone numb and after a little rest, he pulled the string once again so he could resume his relentless attacks.

Kwang!

A giant explosion came out of nowhere and the arrow disappeared in the sky.

— Did you just use a skill?

— No.

Jaehwang replied. They looked ahead and saw the soldiers running towards their safety. They must have been running because of him and one of them had an arrow sticking out of his head.

— It’s strange, there’s something else I’ve been thinking about more than training these days.

— What is it?

— There’s a skill that the others have been learning. You’ll know about it soon. The skill that I earned is stronger than that so I don’t think I have anything to worry about.

— Right, you can handle them just fine.

The spirit replied.

“There’s a lot of people over there,” Jaehwang said. “Ah… I get it now.”

After taking a moment to think, he finally realized something. Everything made perfect sense.

— They’re not going to show us a skill, they’re going to show the skill’s seed and share it amongst each other…

Pong!

“I didn’t think much of it before… We have to stop them as soon as possible. They haven’t finished the process yet, right? Jaehwang understood why he didn’t see anything like that in the skill status window. Now he had to find out how to stop it in time.

It was a skill that they made on their own. He then realized that he had to be careful about what he said.

Pongg!

— My guess is right, isn’t it?

Jaehwang asked.

— Huh? You’re asking me? Wow, you’re not confident in your guess? That’s new.

The spirit said with a shocked tone.

— No, it’s just… You’d always realize it first before I do, right?

— I don’t know. Skill? Strength? You’re the expert at those things.

— Fine.

Jaehwang calmly replied. Now that the spirit had helped him take that first step, he was now more confident in his own thoughts.

— What now…

The spirit asked. Now that he was more comfortable in his decisions, it didn’t take much from him to think up a solution.

— Let’s get back to reality. They’re almost here.

— Alright.

Jaehwang said in agreement. They’re coming, he could feel the ground vibrating because of their footsteps.

“Come on,” Jaehwang said and something flew towards the nearby boulder and made it explode in an instant, leaving a thick could of dust that covered the area.

“Those guys are really noisy,” Jaehwang mumbled. At this rate, if they were able to combine their skills, they would be able to at least hunt a seven or an eight-tier monster.

“Okay, it looks like things could go well if we keep going like this.” Jaehwang knew the reason why they were looking for him. He had been driven way over his limit. He had become a powerful warrior.

Someone then came in, he was also wearing his ‘Overpower’ set of armor.

“Let’s do this,” he said.

He started to feel a bit nervous. Jaehwang then reached out his hand, saying, “Come on, let’s fight.”

“Ggrrraghh!” The enemy’s commander, David, then charged towards Jaehwang.

#2

The other soldiers stood by and watched them closely.

“Y-You’re crazy!”

“Stay here!” The commander’s assistant said.

“Is he trying to kill himself?!”

“I have an idea,” a soldier said.

Obviously, it seemed as if he didn’t understand common sense. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. He was wearing an expensive armor set with a simple t-shirt and tights as undergarments.

Clearly, he felt very confident that he could defeat a 9th tier monster. His shiny gold set was very showy and slippery for an armor.

However, no matter what happened, he knew that it was a fight that he brought onto himself.

He had no plans of backing down. Everyone were already counting on him and they all looked forward to their fight.

‘Maybe things will turn out better if I use more short-distance attacks.’ He thought to himself as he went over through the battle plan in his head. It seemed that everything would go smoothly for him.

But, there was one thing that he had to do. He needed to get rid of his armor to be able to run faster but that decision wasn’t easy. He would put himself in danger if he does so and he could not just simply rely on his experience on reading those monsters to survive.

Occasionally, hunters would memorize the monster’s pattern and in most cases, it didn’t end well for them. He never noticed how useless it was but then, he soon realized that raids can never be treated as games. He had to take things more seriously.

Soon, he began to observe the monsters on his own and noticed their patterns. However, it wasn’t easy. Although it was a long and hard journey, he gained more and more experience as a hunter.

As he was lost in his thoughts, he heard a loud noise.

Kwanggg!!!

He felt the ground vibrate.

“W-What was that!”

“What’s that!” The commander said.

“What kind of skill is that?”

“How am I supposed to know?!”

“Darn! I can’t even see where it’s coming from!”

They looked around, trying to see what was going on but they couldn’t see anything.

Swoosh! Pongg! Swoosh!

Something flew by them but they couldn’t identify what it was since it was too fast. They looked at the direction they came from to see who or what it could be but they still couldn’t see anything.

“Ugh!” He got frustrated as he tried to think about what was going on. He used his special detection skill and that’s when he finally caught a glimpse of his enemy.

“He’s stronger than me.”

At that moment, he was able to admit the truth. It was clear to see that his power was much stronger than his.

Then… finally, he was able to see his face…

“Its… It’s that level 9 hunter…” The commander said and all of the soldiers turned silent. They realized who he was in that moment as well.

It really was him. The level 9 hunter…

A Level 9 Monster?, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 183: A Level 9 Monster? 4




#1

As he took a step forward he turned around and saw that the fight had already begun. He ran away as fast as he could until suddenly, something hit his head.

Luckily, it didn't hurt so much because he was so far away. He continued to hide away until he thought of his next move.

-You can do this! You can do this!

The spirit said to Jaehwang.

-Can you be a little quieter? I need to concentrate for a second.

-Are you sure you don't need any help?

-No.

Jaehwang said refusing the spirit's help.

He needed to erase her from his mind for the time being. This was a fight that he had to handle himself.

'Get ahold of yourself!'

There was no way that he could accept failure in this situation.

He was running low on energy so he was feeling very exhausted.

But, even in that condition, he had to keep going.

The last time he had a fight was when him and Baekren fought…

'That demon…'

Jaehwang as he thought of his fight with Baekren.

When he used his newest arrow on Halcan he wasn't really able to control it correctly.

He was only able to keep it up for a little while but the arrows were still very powerful.

'If it worked on the two of them then my attack would have finished within three minutes.'

Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. Even without the skill, he should have been able to maintain the skill. Jaehwang's biggest problem was trying to maintain the skill for the right amount of time.

Because he was unable to master the skill he didn't refuse bringing back up on the mission.

Whooshhh!!!

Suddenly, fire shot out of the ground from where the other soldier was standing. It looked as if a bomb exploded but it was just part of a clever plan by his enemy. A giant cloud of smoke filled the area.

Takk!! Jiijiiiji!

Rocks and tree branches that flew up came falling down onto the ground. Jaehwang was able to dodge it quickly enough to avoid any serious injuries.

"Ouch."

He had still gotten a little burned. He needed to heal it right away as he was already very weak and tired.

But, he couldn't waste any time. He had no choice but to keep going even through the pain. He then went to find his enemy.

"Do not resent me!"

The monster said as Jaehwang ran towards him. He had no more tricks up his sleeve to protect himself.

Finally, Jaehwang found him and was standing right in front of him.

"Arrow shower!!"

Swoosh! Swoosh! Kwanggg!!

"Ahhh!!"

The monster felt a great pain in his eyes due to the arrows.

The arrows were intensely stabbing into his skin.

"Ahghh!"

There was nowhere for him to hide as the arrows were everywhere falling from the sky. Although, he could heal himself later, eyes were something that couldn't be completely healed. It was the most fatal organ on the outside.

Even so, he still tried to run and find a safe place to hide from the arrows.

Pong! Pong!

The monster did his best to withstand the violent explosions. Until his eyes were healed he had to stay out of danger so they wouldn't get ruined even more. Although he was a 9th tier monster, he was more afraid of Jaehwang.

"Things seem to be fair again."

Since the monster ran off to hide Jaehwang was able to relax and heal himself.

-Doesn't this seem really easy?

-A little. I still kind of almost died.

Jaehwang replied.

He then picked up an arrow and tapped the smooth surface.

"Should we try it?"

He said with a smirk.

#2

"Ahhhh!!"

He shouted as he lay on the ground in pain.

Soon he was finally able to get up and get back into his raging state.

Although he was wearing a helmet to protect his head it was still in pain making it hard for him to focus. The monster looked around for Jaehwang trying to stay as quiet as possible so he could use a sneak attack.

He felt more relaxed seeing that he was most likely too far away for him to see.

But, Jaehwang then met eyes with someone... It was one of the soldiers on his team. Everything was quiet as neither of them said a word.

Jaehwang then smiled and nodded his head. It seemed as it they were planning something…

The other soldier then shook his head as well.

"Evacuate."

The others then got up without saying a word and walked away to evacuate.

"It's time to go."

The commander said.

His assistant couldn't understand why they were evacuating.

Before they came onto the mission he was expecting more from the hunter.

Every video he saw he able to take down the enemy.

It was quite disappointing for him. He had high hopes for the mission because of him.

But, obviously no matter what, everyone had their limits. Besides, he had already done so much hard work anyway. That also made him feel kind of jealous so after that he didn't feel that way anymore.

"What's that…"

"Huh..."

The monster took a deep breath and replied,

"I think I've reached my limit. That hunter is very powerful. I… My power is not strong enough to fight him. Maybe someone like you could do a better job…"

He told to his battle assistant.

"!!"

His assistant was clearly surprised to hear him say such a thing. For the first time he finally acknowledged his skills.

It was finally time to show off his skills.

"Let's go."

He said and The monster followed along behind him.

At first the monster felt that he could do everything on his own but he decided that it was time to get help.

'How could take monster survive through all of that?'

The monster thought to himself.

His assistant was his last chance. Maybe there was something that he could do.

#2

Swoosh!

A giant monster disappeared into a blackhole.

"What a mess."

The spirit said watching the giant monster get thrown into the blackhole.

"Is there enough room? It used to be able to fit about 18 monsters in there."

"Hmm, it must have filled up over time…"

Jaehwang replied.

The soldiers had evacuated and they were soon going to come back to finish the job. However, a few moments later Jaehwang saw something.

"Is it filled?"

"What's that over there?"

"Huh?"

"Nevermind. Uh yea, It's all filled here."

The spirit noticed that Jaehwang was looking at something.

Maybe he was just spacing out because he was tired after shooting all of those arrows.

"How many did we catch?"

The spirit handed him some refreshments and snacks.

But… how much were they?...

"When did you get these?"

"Well… Don't make me say it. I just got them.. Somehow…"

The spirit said while chewing some of the snacks.

"Hmm… There's no way the space can be so small."

A few moments later he noticed that David had completely disappeared.

It was finally over.

A Level 9 Monster? 4, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 184: Level 9 Hunter




#1

Jaehwang got onto the military bus and the ride back was quite peaceful. While he was on the bus he was given the equipment bought from the NewPort Airport.

For the first time he was annoyed by his good will. And it wasn’t the fact that he arrived at the airport.

There was a crowd of people waiting to greet him at the airport. Thanks to the colony 22 drone that recorded everything during the raid and save Jaehwang when he needed help. Afterwards the video was posted online and the video was seen by lots of people. As time continued to pass by the video gained more and more attention.

Everyone on TV and the internet has been talking about it since it was uploaded online.

He was still known by his nickname ‘Fatal’ so many people recognized that it was him.

Now even more people from before wanted to meet him and interview him.

People were even falling him around with cameras and there were others asking for his autograph.

“Jaehwang?”

“Yes”

“The president of American, Jack Linton, wants to give you a call...”

“Tell him that him resting and healing right now.”

“All of your treatments will be finished soon so you will be ready to talk and move around then.”

Rumi said.

“Okay.”

Jaehwang replied.

Rumi then gently smiled at his reply.

In the past Rumi used to be a little rude to him. Why was she taking such good care of him? It was also the first time he saw her smile. It was like she was a different person.

“So many are praising him right now.”

A monitor on the ceiling turned to face Jaehwang.

Click

The TV turned on and there was a news channel talking about Jaehwang.

-We are now reporting in Virginia. A video by colony 22 has caused an amazing reaction among the citizens of the state! Someone named ‘Jaehwang’ is being worshipped like a god.

-There has been a video going viral that showcased him on a recent raid fighting against a very powerful monster. He saved us all from a great danger.

Every channel was talking about the news.

Everyone was watching the video of the raid. No one had a hard time identifying that it was Jaehwang in the video even though he was wearing a hood.

His name has been everywhere ever since. Even more so than before since he was already known as ‘Fatal’.

“It couldn’t have been done without you, Jaehwang.”

Rumi said.

Ever since Jaehwang became wildly popular her attitude towards him changed. Jaehwang heard that her parents died hunting monsters. It was a case similar to the situation that he was just in. they opened a wormhole and a monster came out and attacked them.

After her parents died she had to live in an orphanage. She felt helpful knowing there was someone like Jaehwang around who could also understood her situation.

-Is she normally like that?

-She seems happy.

-I don’t know. I guess it is a little different.

-Maybe she’s trying to trick you.

-You think so? She is being strangely nice all of a sudden but I don’t think it’s nothing like that...

-Anyways, don’t accept any kind of fanaticism.

The spirit said.

Jaehwang then nodded his head in agreement. If he were to show how sad he was then people would pity him so he rather just put on a brave face.

But, of course there was another reason for that.

‘I have to catch him...’

Jaehwang’s number one target was Baekren. After a few analysations he found out that Baekren had many more years of fighting experience than him making him very powerful to compete against.

He had to find a way to get stronger and that was exactly what he was going to use his powerful influence for.

His plan was to take advantage of that and lure Baekren into a trap.

But, before that, there was something he had to do.

“Let’s take a rest for a little.”

“I have to get going.”

Deukkdeuk... Click... Click...

Rumi left the room and closed the door behind her.

Jaehwang then checked the skill status window.

-New Archery Skill (High rank)

Possessor: Jeon Jaehwang

Effects

Present skill attack rate – All increased by 30 percent

His new arrow skills were very unique.

The effects had increased and a pretty decent rate.

Just as the spirit said, it was very limited to magic use but it had the effects to make up for it. It was really going to come in handy when he’ll fight Baekren again.

-Money is the biggest problem.

Jaehwang said. They were very low on money and didn’t even have what they needed for equipment. The more a hunter’s level went up the more expensive the equipment would be.

-50 dollars... 5,000...

Jaehwang thought about what he needed to get and how much he needed.

-Okay, okay. Let’s hurry.

He said.

#2

“I’m here.”

“Great. Good job.”

Gwanjae said to Jaehwang

Jaehwang then sat down in a chair across from Gwanjae. He looked at Jaehwang with a delighted look on his face.

For a moment there was nothing but silence that filled the room.

Jaehwang then smiled and said,

“I’ve gotten stronger now.”

“Wow, really? You’re improving fast. There’s been someone else from your raid team who I’ve been training with. They’re doing a really great job so far...”

Gwanjae bluntly replied.

“But, how’s everything going? I’ve seen the videos of you everywhere. You’re basically a world known hunter now.”

Gwanjae asked.

“It’s strange...”

Jaehwang replied.

“You’re grandfather hated attention as well.”

“I just wanted to see how you were holding up. It seems to be cameras around you all the time these days. It can be difficult to deal with at times. I know what that’s like.”

Gwanjae explained. His acknowledgement actually helped Jaehwang. It wasn’t one of his usual rambling speeches.

“How long are you resting for.”

“I don’t know. After the fight with the monster I really haven’t been in a good condition...”

“That’s unfortunate.”

Gwanjae noticed that he didn’t seem like himself.

“How much do you think it’ll go for?”

He asked changing the subject.

“It is really big. We planned to sell it at an auction.”

Jaehwang answered.

“Sounds good. You did a great job, as usual.”

“Thanks.”

Jaehwang said politely.

There was a big age gap between the two but they were always able to enjoy a conversation together.

Although he was an unmarried person he thought of Jaehwang as his grandson.

Level 9 Hunter, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 185: The Day the Japanese Clan Collapsed




#1

“What are you going to do now?”

“Train.”

Even though he leveled up to a level 9 hunter, training was still the only thing on his mind.

“I thought since you became a level 9 hunter you would take it easy and rest more often.”

“I need to improve my battle skills.”

Jaehwang replied.

“Wow you’re really always working hard, aren’t you.”

Gwanjae said in a bit of a tiresome tone. He hated constantly hearing the story over and over again. Could he talk more coy? He had been persuading Jaehwang for many years.

But, Jaehwang never let it get to him.

‘Gwanjae was a successor, a team leader’

When Korea and America merged together the impact on the world caused everything to become numb. Even the presidents and others in charge didn’t know what to do about it.

Al the power that could be given was worth all of the wealth and honor. In order for Gwanjae to gain the position he has he had to work everyday until he reached the top.

Of course Gwanjae was just suddenly promoted to that position.

‘Everyday was a challenge. If he won, everything was his.’

Gwanjae’s words unknowingly caused a lot of trouble.

For example, what caused the most trouble was the dark night master, Heughom.

He’s the same age as Gwanjae and has just as much power. Gwanjae and his clan team were hated by the Dark NIght clan for that reason. They were each other’s sworn enemies.

However, as time went by they weren’t a challenge to Gwanjae anymore. After he had grown to the old age of eighty he decided it was time to spend most of his time resting and taking care of himself. On the other hand, Jaehwang was very capable of taking his role of taking down the Dark Night clan.

Considering how powerful he is and all his years of experience, he should be able to fight against them with a clan team with no problem.

Although Gwanjae was the one who was a genius in martial arts, after years went by he wasn’t so consistent with it anymore therefore he would need to brush up on his skills if he were to use it again. The best thing for him to do would be to just use magic.

Gwanjae was the kind of person to never wanted to forget to be kind. In the past when he first met Jaehwang he found that as a chance to hand down his martial arts skills to his grandson.

With that being said, Gwanjae wanted to hand down everything he knew to Jaehwang.

Of course he was a bit hesitant but...

“Hm...”

Suddenly he took a deep breath with an unsatisfied look on his face. From now on, everything he was about to say was only something he would tell to someone very close to him but he felt like saying anything more would make him seem pathetic.

“I have a present for you.”

“Huh?”

Jaehwang asked tilting his head.

As he saw Jaehwang’s confused expression Gwanjae felt more proud.

Maybe the fact that it was something he wasn’t expecting would make it even better.

“Well, I have to track down that Baekren guy.”

“Ah!”

Gwanjae said as he got the present and Jaehwang’s eyes opened wide in surprise.

After Jaehwang came back from the Alousu Gwanjae felt like family to him. He told him everything that happened and even everything about his past family.

In the past he always knew exactly what his goals were.

What were his goals? It was to carry out with his family’s fate and break them from their curse.

He was determined to go through with achieving that goal so he could meet his ancestors again.

Jaehwang decided to fix their bad relationship on his own. If no own else were to offer any help then he would feel a bit anxious. Actually, maybe it would be okay for someone to help only half-way, but that was all he could accept.

But even with that, things were tough with his family. It wasn’t just the fact that they were nothing like any other simple efficient hunters, they were very strong. Therefore, he had to make a little modifications to his goal.

‘I’ll use all my power to track them down.’

He felt like he could reveal everything to Gwanjae.

“Look at this picture. Tell me if you can figure out who I am in the picture.”

Gwanjae said handing him the photo. It was a picture of him in the Alousu with a group of hunters. He then noticed someone besides Gwanjae in the photo. It was Baekren.

A few moments later he then found Gwanjae.

“There.”

“Haha, right, that’s me. I was there on a mission with a group of hunters. 5 years after the generation mash up, hunters from Japan came over to Busan to join the clan... One of the newcomers was someone named “Baek Junseong’ he was actually native Korean and not from Japan.”

“I see.”

Jaehwang said nodding his head. Even though the picture was very old. His face still didn’t look too different from now.

“He was a bit of an untalented hunter during those times. When we went on a trip to Japan, we met a lot of other hunters before returning to Seoul. A family coming from Busan making their way to Seoul ran into a monster on the way there. The Busan clan went there as soon as they heard about it. But.. that was the last day they were seen.”

Gwanjae said and handed Jaehwang a document.

When he opened it, there was information on Baek Junseong. It wasn’t much but of course anything helped. After reading it Jaehwang tilted his head and said,

“He mostly used a sword?”

“Yes. It was a big and sharp sword. He never really used any other weapon.”

The documents stated that he usually used a sword and magic. It seemed that he had other skills to use as well but he preferred to use a sword against monsters.

“It said he had caught 20 seventh tier monsters so far in his lifetime...”

“That is correct. He didn’t have many goals and he was very secretive. There aren’t many official records on him. This document is a rarity.”

“I understand.”

It wasn’t a lot of information but until then he knew absolutely nothing about him so it was helpful to find out a little information on him. Although it was dozens of years old, he had witnessed that he still used the sword often so the information seem authentic enough.

“This...”

There was especially an amount of writing regarding one topic in the document.

It said that he tried to study the monster’s way but he didn’t completely succeed. His research wasn’t enough for his mission. And...

“Couldn’t he have died in one of the three dimensions that he went through?”

Jaehwang asked.

#2

“Baekren! What’s going on-”

“Just relax.”

Click...

There was a scar on his forehead from Baekren’s sword.

“Baekren. What is the cost of loyalty?”

He said with an angry voice as he stood before Baekren. Baekren then looked at him with a bitter look on his face and said,

“Of course not. I have to think about myself as well.”

“I can’t believe you.”

The giant meeting room was filled with the scent of blood...

-Maybe those guys are at fault.

-That’s right.

He threw a few charms on the floor and they melted away onto the floor like water.

“The Japanese clan will sort everything out... Is there anyone else somewhere who is aware of my existence?”

There was a memory that he couldn’t forget but there was something he had to ask someone else. Just as he said that Baekren slightly swayed his hand under the meeting room table. His assistant tried to use his hiding skills but he couldn’t escape Baekren’s gaze.

“Save me...”

He said.

“Why did you betray me?”

“I-I was on the opposite team. T-Those guys were there for the Japanese clan... I had no choice...”

He said with a shaking voice.

“So you’re trying to say that this isn’t your fault?”

“Yes...”

He replied again in a shaky voice as he breathed heavily.

Time went on and he continued to shake in fear.

“Is there anyone who knows about me?”

Baekren asked him again.

“Of course not. I would never let that happen. I think everyone died the moment you cast that spell.”

“Good. Well then, I guess maybe I can spare you...”

Pong!

Baekren said just before kicking him in the stomach.

“Since you’re such a trader I don’t think I’ll be able to relax. The Japanese clan guys won’t be able to believe this.”

The meeting room was currently empty with no other clan member present.

“I thought I taught the soldiers better than this.”

“100 level 5 hunters...”

“Can you believe that number of hunters? Anyway, thanks. You have a lot of energy. I can appreciate that...”

“Huh?”

Pong!

Baekren then kicked him again.

After that he picked up his sword...

“So, maybe there are more people who knows...”

Whoosh...

Suddenly he heard the sound of a spell gathering around. It appeared and absorbed into the floor and it speed to begin to spend around little by little.

“Let’s hope nothing happens within the span of three days.”

He said.

He needed more time to make a dimension gate himself. However, he would need a lot of energy power for a gate like that. Especially since he was making himself that time.

The Day the Japanese Clan Collapsed, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 186: The Day the Japanese Clan Collapsed 2




The team of hunters were divided by their levels. The department had groups of four hunters perfectly equipped for the job. All of them who helped on the job were going to get a cut of the profits made from the monster they’ve hunted.

It was a team with a total of 70 hunters. They were an unstoppable elite.

Having a level nine hunter on their team made them even more powerful.

Thanks to him they had no problem capturing any monster.

The amount of their monthly payment was basically all dependent on him. But, only 20 of them were picked for each mission. So, not everyone was so successful each time.

Some of them not being able to make it through the end of the mission was a common thing but they were in a contract so they couldn’t deny any missions.

Today was another day for the team of hunters to gather. They all took a moment to talk with each other.

“Choi Park, It’s been awhile.”

“Hasn’t it, Jeong Park! This is a group of the most talented hunters in the country. It’s a miracle that we were able to recruit such talents.”

“Haha. I know, I’m very lucky. There hasn’t been a raid that they weren’t able to completely.”

“Of course. The monster situation in the country is very out of control. It’s very concerning. Thank goodness we have the hunters.”

“I agree. I wish them good luck on the raids to come.”

“Thank you.”

“No problem. See you later.”

After their talk Jeong Park went into the hall with the team of hunters.

“How are we supposed to take care of all of this.”

He said with a concerned tone in his voice.

“Hmm... I know someone, he’s a very smart person with a doctor’s degree...”

“Never mind that. The clan recruitment process can not be known. Our university’s talented people are resting...”

“That’s right. However, we need to attract more younger scholars into our ream.”

“I understand.”

He replied. As his voice grew louder everyone around felt a bit anxious. Jeong Park and Choi Park were both great monster researchers in Korea. It seemed like they were always trying to one up each other.

And...

Deudak Deudak...

As they were talking a lady walked into the room interrupting their conversation.

She was in her early thirties and had a cold look on her face. She was wearing a black office suit and black heels to match.

She politely greeted everyone in the room before speaking.

“Hello? Jeong Park, Choi Park, Lee Seomin said that group J laboratory belongs to him.”

Choi and Jeong greeted her and nodded their heads.

They knew the lady very well. She was a very well-known person in the J group monster lab.

However, she didn’t work there much for awhile now and they haven’t been seeing each other very often since then.

The group of hunters in the room were intimidated by her sharp gaze.

“Jeong, have you met with Hwang Philyeoung? I heard that he was here earlier but you two didn’t meet.”

She said asked.

“Um, I don’t know who that is...”

He said in replied with a shaky voice.

“Really? That’s strange. Hwang used to join in on meetings with you two all the time. You don’t remember? All you even went to college together.”

She said bringing up memories of them and Hwang.

“Well, I guess things are just different now. He was a close friend to us.”

“Yes, he was also an expert with the monsters at the gate to China.”

“Really? Haha. I remember in that college as well. There were a lot of students so I couldn’t pack properly. But things were still great...”

The lady said in reply.

“Okay, let’s stop going back and forth with this.”

Choi said but Jeong’s voice then began to grow louder.

“She’s stuck in a dream to think that we would still be friends!”

“Let’s drop this topic now!”

“What?!”

She said raising her voice.

Things then started to become even more awkward for everyone in the room. Jeong then quietly said,

“What will you think about this place after today?”

“Haha, that’s something for only me to know.”

“Hm. Isn’t there something to believe in every corner? The truth could always be shattered. Did Hwang ever mention that to you? How cruel is that...”

“Wow, your so confident in yourself aren’t you. Ah, maybe your in my corner with my beliefs.”

She said in reply.

Her gaze on them was like a tiger preying on a rabbit.

Everyone in the room was silent for a moment.

“Well...”

The clan team’s leader Gwanjae was a powerful hunter who had been on their side for a long time. She was also a powerful hunter and other hunters were intimidated by her. She was even powerful enough to compete against Gwanjae’s guards.

Soon she decided to team up with Lee Seomin.

Jeong and Choi still couldn’t believe it.

Rumi who was also in the room with them then finally spoke.

“Didn’t they tell you not to come?”

Rumi said speaking for the first time.

“My contract with J group isn’t even over yet, so it’s true that I shouldn’t be here but what can you do about it?”

“I’m sure Philyeoung is aware of how difficult it is to deal with you.”

“Who isn’t aware of that... He doesn’t seem to care much about that anyway.”

“Shouldn’t you get going by now, aren’t you busy tomorrow?”

Rumi then turned around and saw Lee Seomin. And...

Jeong’s face turned pale in fright when he noticed he was there.

“Indeed, there is a corner of truth.”

He said agreeing with the lady.

He was a level 9 hunter researching monsters. They were expensive monsters. The higher the level of the monster the more expensive they were worth.

Obviously his skills were quite advanced and gotten even better over the years. All the monsters he researched were worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. However it was a difficult job. Even if the monster was made of organic matter it would decay and if that happened it wasn’t worth anything. Therefore, he had to finish as much research as he could before it could decay.

Is there much difference in a 6th tier monster than a 7th tier monster? WHat about an 8th tier monster?

Would a level nine monster only be capable of defeating a level 9 hunter like Jaehwang?...

“Hm. there is a reason to get out of control here.”

He lowered his head but not in an apologetic way.

There was no way he could ever let go of his self pride.

He did seem to be a little angry when he looked at Jeong and Choi.

‘I guess that if I wasn’t here then I think that I wouldn’t have anywhere else to be!’

He vowed to himself.

Although would rather step back from the humiliation, he could cry tears of blood next time...

The true reason that he came back was to criticize them.

“We all got along in our college years but... that trash is in the past now.”

That simple word was the mistake that caused the problem.

“Jaehwang and I both dropped out of high school and you have the nerve to call that time trash?!”

Jeong was then completely covered by a tall shadow from behind him.

The Day the Japanese Clan Collapsed 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 187: The Day the Japanese Clan Collapsed 3




#1

“W-What’s going on...”

Jeong said with a shaky voice as he began to step back. The height difference between them was very big. He couldn’t even see the person’s face. He was 180 centimeters tall and his height only reached up to his chest. After taking two steps back he was able to see his face.

Instantly he felt nervous. Obviously he had an advantage over him with just his height. To make things even more frightening, he definitely did not have a friendly look on his face.

Tak...

“Say it again. What about college?”

“That’s not what I meant... I...”

He replied shaking in fear.

This was totally out of his character so he tried to keep things calm and not start anymore trouble than he already did.

“Dongchul is a normal person.”

Rumi walked up to Dongchul and said.

“Well not exactly, he’s now-”

Dongchul said but Rumi then cut him off and said,

“That’s what Jaehwang knows.”

“I understand...”

Dongchul replied and then quietly walked away. He decided to keep quiet so things wouldn’t get worse.

“I’m sorry that the public is getting angrier.”

Rumi said to Jeong in an apologetic tone.

He nodded his head accepting her apology.

Everyone saw there was a problem. Her acknowledging the problem helped him a lot. He then replied in quiet and shy voice,

“Yes, this time I will form a complaint about the social levels!”

“I’m sorry.”

“Every! Out ...”

He said and everyone instantly made their way out of the room. Finally, the meeting came to an end. But, he then became lost in thought before he could finish his sentence. His problems would now follow him out of that place.

His face was red as he felt embarrassed.

“Let’s keep an eye out.”

The more they went to that place the more they realized how fast things were changing. They had to hurry and break out of that place. After keeping a look out they began to push their way through the exit but the moment they opened the door they saw someone standing there.

Jeong instantly lost his temper and pushed him out of the way. He had waited too long to leave that place and wasn’t going to waste anymore time. However, trying to push the person was like trying to push a giant boulder out of the way. He wouldn’t move at all.

“What’s your problem?”

Jeong said to the person who was just standing in the doorway.

Although he was trying to put on a brave face he was still very frightened. He was a person in his early twenties with shoulder-length hair, he was wearing a shiny armor suit.

“Go away! Who do you think you are!”

Jeong raised his voice at the guy but he still didn’t even make a move. Maybe he would have behaved differently if he knew the person standing in front of him was a hunter.

He was noticeably strong because of his visible muscles.

“I’m never coming here again. Move it!”

Jeong said and decided to just squeeze through a space beside him to get out. But, before he could even attempt to make it through, there suddenly was a hand around his neck.

“What did you say?”

“I....”

He wasn’t holding his neck tightly but it was still enough to scare him.

“Let go...”

“Say it again.”

“Do you know who I am?!”

“Who are you?”

“I am the vice president of this research team. Do you want to die on this floor?!”

He was the vice president of the Korean Monster Research College. Obviously Jaehwang wasn’t aware of who he was.

“Research College?”

“Ugh! JUst let go of me!”

“Ha...”

The vice president thought he would listen to him now that he knew who he was but instead he just laughed.

Jeong then turned over to Rumi.

Only she could convince him to let him go. Surely she would quickly come running to the rescue. However, his eyes then opened wide in surprise. She then walked up to the guy and said,

“Sorry Jaehwang.”

“Why? Because of this rude person?”

Jaehwang asked in surprise. The door then opened and someone walked in.

“Well...”

Rumi was very hesitant to speak. She actually didn’t even know his name well. She couldn’t remember all 70 people from the raid team. It was mostly because she’s been very busy recently.

“You know him, Rumi?”

Jaehwang asked.

Rumi then nodded her head nervously.

“Are there anymore people here who’s apart of this research team?”

“Y-Yes, there are a few more...”

In Korea you had to prepare for years to join a team in that place.

Jaehwang then firmly said,

“Everyone out. It’s obvious that no matter what I won’t be able to meet anyone here ever again.”

“Do something now.”

Rumi answered.

Jaehwang then nodded his head and let go of Jeong’s neck. Jeong then fell onto the floor and fainted.

Everyone who remained in the room wondered why he listened to Rumi and not him when he was in a higher position than Rumi.

“Jaehwang!...”

There was something he wanted to say but he decided not to say it. He wouldn’t listen to him anyway.

A lady then whispered to him,

“Wow, I don’t want to make this problem bigger than it already is but... I’m really sorry. I just wanted to try to get revenge but it looks like Jeong already got what he deserved.”

#2

“Wheu”

Jaehwang sat down and took a deep breath.

There was more he wanted to do but he felt like he couldn’t bring himself to do anything at the moment. Two hours passed by and still felt bored.

He went to an individual training room and soon saw Rumi standing at the door.

“I thought you were busy...”

“I have something to report to you so I came.”

“You could just knock and come in.”

“I saw that you were training so I decided to wait.”

She replied.

“Next time just knock and come in.”

“But what if your training...”

“It’s fine.”

“Alright, I do that for now on.”

“Good.”

“Wanna talk in my room?”

Jaehwang asked.

“Sure.”

The both of them then left the training center and went to Jaehwang’s room. Jaehwang sat on a sofa in the room and Rumi then joined and sat next to him.

She then handed him a few documents.

Jaehwang then read the documents and asked,

“There’s going to be a new department building?”

“Yes. recently there has been a lot of preparation for construction going on for it. The construction is scheduled to start in about a week.

“I see.”

“I didn’t think you would be too happy about it.”

“Well, I guess it has to be done.”

“Yea.”

Rumi said as she nodded her head in agreement.

There was no need to complain about it since he couldn’t stop it. Jaehwang looked at the document some more and saw a lot of writting on one of the pages.

“What’s that?”

Jaehwang asked Rumi as he looked all of the words on the document.

“It’s receipts of all of the monster raid requests from today since 7AM.”

“Raid requests...”

Jaehwang then took another look at the documents. There was so much writing. There were requests for all types of monsters. Even some as powerful as 8th tier and 9th tier monsters.

“Have all of them been answered and completed?”

“No, the hunters couldn’t take some of the raid requests.”

Rumi replied.

“In the future instead of not accepting the raids don’t accept the parties and events.”

“Yea, that’s a good idea.”

Jehwang was referring to all of the interviews the hunters were spending time attending.

In the last paragraph there was something regarding Jaehwang.

‘The Japanese government of the World Hunter Association requests a summoning of hunter Jeon Jaehwang’

Jaehwang tilted and asked Rumi,

“What are the Japanese Clan talking about here?”

When Jaehwang came to America he tried to lay low so he would stay out of the news.

“Ah, that. Yesterday the Japanese clan’s leading members lost a group of hunters on a raid mission.”

“Really?”

Jaehwang asked in shock. He hasn’t told the story to Rumi yet but he was looking for Baekren who was a part of the Japanese Clan and he was looking for him.

“Yea. but, the problem is that in the past they were suspected of doing a terror attack but the Japanes government suspected Jaehwang was the real suspect.”

Although Jaehwang wasn’t even aware of the issue he was being suspected for causing it. He then smiled and replied,

“That’s a good guess. What makes him so sure it was me?”

He asked trying to find out the reason on why they would make such an accusation.

“They seem to be sure of it. I’m not really sure why but don’t worry, no one believes them anyway.”

“I see.”

Jaehwang replied. He was still feeling a little disgusted. Dongchul was part of an evil clan in the past and became one of his enemies but thank goodness that’s over. But, now it’s the Japanese clan who’s after him.

“What did the Korean Nation Hunter Association say?”

“Gwanjae preferred to protest with them against it but I think it’s still being decided. However, there are a lot of Japanese members who’s on your side...”

“Really?”

Jaehwang asked and she nodded her head. There seemed to have been a lot of raids requested on the Japanese side. There were especially a lot of 9 tier monsters that seemed to have been showing up in the requests.

“I see a lot of raid requests on the Japanese side. Maybe I could help them with a few raids in the future.”

“Sounds good.”

The Day the Japanese Clan Collapsed 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 188: The Story of the Fisher and the Fish




Rumi walked fast down the hallway.

She wasn’t that concerned about the fact that there were many raid requests on the Japanese side and canceled mostly all of them. They could have talked about it at first but she didn’t even want to consider it. She didn’t care about it at all.

[The thief turns away from the hunter.]

[The structure request is right there?]

[Does a level 9 hunter know how to teleport? What does the Japanese media know?]

[The Japanese citizens are suffering due to the monsters!]

-Is this true information? Do you think the prime minister stepped down?

There were lots of stories going across the national media.

The Japanese government even started to rebut the stories. Obviously the conflicts calmed down and they were able to have a smooth conversation with Korea but they spoke in a criticizing voice.

For this situation there was one simple speaker. Japanese number one clan team vaportizes the Japanese government members and now the Japanese hunters are in mayhem. With things going how they are now Japan’s citizens are suffering even more than before because of the monster invasion. It was a problem that they couldn’t just turn away from.

In conclusion, the Japanese citizens were very angry and the news reached other countries and became an intriguing news to everyone.

[Could they ever forgive the life of a fellow citizen? It was Japan’s duel behavior]

[Should they just let them get away with it? Would Korea be able to live with that?”

[When will the most powerful hunter of humankind apologize?]

Korea then began to plummet and the media all across the world began to report on it. Besides, now they were in a friendly competition.

The reason for that was that Korea currently were the only country able to hunt a ninth tier monster since they had a level 9 hunter.

#2

“The reactions are very intense. Hahaha”

“If things start to get too crazy then we’re in trouble but I’ll make sure that doesn’t happen.”

Gwanjae calmly with a laugh. He then looked across the room with a sharp look in his eyes.

“You’re finding joy in these difficult times?”

He said with a sigh.

“What... Ugh”

Choi Younggi was at a loss for words.

“I thought it was more unusual then usual but a monster like this is just unimaginable.”

After an hour of silence the Virginia government received the calculation details for the raid.

Choi Younggi helped with everything and knew that the best person for the job would definitely be Jaehwang.

In the past he even revived Pyeonggang providence.

He had no choice but to come to the realization that Jaehwang was the only one that could save them from such a powerful monster.

“Do you think he’ll be able to make it through hunting down this monster everyday until the job is done?”

“Days? I was thinking more like five minutes.”

Gwanjae said and patting Choi on the shoulder. Of course five minutes was an exaggeration but his hunters were good at getting things done in a fast amount of time. But, what was more scarier than hunting monsters was becoming one of their appetizers.

Originally, they weren’t worried about the monster eating the any humans but after seeing the recording from the drone they decided it was a good idea to take more precaution.

“What about that mysterious speed and range of his? If he could keep that up all day then wouldn’t capturing the monster be a piece of cake?”

Just the thought of it sent a shiver down his spine.

If only it was that simple then Jaehwang could easily complete the raids on his own in no time.

Hunters usually moved slowly and carefully but Jaehwang didn’t move slow at all.

“He’s very brave.”

“Indeed.”

“Alright so, do you need some help too?”

“Well...”

Choi asked Gwanjae.

“Are you sure you can do that? I thought you were retiring. I wouldn’t want to ruin your plans.”

“No no. Don’t worry about that.”

Choi Younggi said in immediately as he knew that Gwanjae didn’t actually mean retirement. Retiring and being forced to retire were clearly two very different things. He had to be very careful not knowing the mess he could be in.

Choi then reached out his hand and said,

“Ah, this is the payment...”

“Okay. That was fast. And the information on the others...”

Gwanjae asked as Choi seemed to have forgotten something.

The both of them then smiled.

“The situation in the village caused the water to leak.”

“Right. Now is the time to answer the clan’s call of condolence.”

Gwanjae said with a smirk.

He’s been waiting for a time like this.

#3

The level 9 hunter’s arrival was being celebrated by the entire world and Jaehwang woke up to a peaceful morning. Of course when he walked down the hallway everyone could recognize his face whenever they saw him and freaked out.

The only peaceful place for him was the personal training room he always went to. After he finished his morning training he went to the cafeteria with the other hunters. The atmosphere was a bit different than it was the previous day.

When Jaehwang walked into the room, everything went silent.

After about thirty minutes Jaehwang went back into his own room and smiled. It finally felt like home to him. Suddenly, the door then opened and a giant shadow covered him.

“Hey! Jeez, I’m out of breath!”

Dongchul said exhaustedly after walking through the door.

Jaehwang picked up a glass of cold water and drink from it without acknowledging the person at all.

“You idiot, you seem like a terrible person...”

Jaehwang then turned around and said,

“Can’t you knock?”

“Knocking? What’s that? What are you going to do about it?”

He replied.

“WHat’s going on? You’ve been really busy since this morning.”

“Well, I’ve been having a lot to do these days.”

“Like what? Have you been spending all of your time training?”

Dongchul asked.

“Yea, that’s basically it.”

“What about you?”

Jaehwang asked.

“Not much but I am having a baby.”

He’s been living with his girlfriend for a long time and they’re already having a baby. The two of them haven’t even gotten married yet.

But, Jaehwang didn’t really care about it.

“Wow, congratulations.”

“Thanks. Ah, that’s not all I came here for.”

Jaehwang’s congratulations didn’t sound so exciting but he was happy for him.

“What are you watching?”

Dongchul asked looking at Jaehwang’s tablet screen.

There were dozens of articles about the Japanese clan.

Looks like Jaehwang was reading all of them.

“You’re looking for clues for something?”

“Sort of...”

The japanese clan’s house was destroyed by a monster that secretly came through a nearby gate. As he continued to read on he was finding out more and more information on Baekren.

He had the ability to make his own gate and open it wherever he wanted.

“Clearly he’s very powerful.”

“If you listen to the Japanese citizens then your right. What crime have they committed?”

“I have no idea. A few years had already gone by but eventually they were going to die because of them. They deserve to be punished.”

Jaehwang felt angry just thinking about how they were responsible for Sooji’s death.

“Will you need help hunting them?”

Dongchul asked.

“It’s fine. I’ll handle it.”

Jaehwang replied.

Besides, Dongchul now had a family to focus on, he didn’t want to take his time away from that.

“Alright.”

Dongchul replied and closed the door as he left the room.

“Finally...”

Jaehwang said as he leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes.

He wanted to know more about Baekren’s power but he wasn’t sure how much more information he could find on him.

But, now he was more confident and knew he could think of an effective way to fight against him.

“This is gonna be fun.”

It was time to catch the fish.

Jaehwang then smiled and later fell asleep.

The Story of the Fisher and the Fish, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 189: The Fisher and the Fish 2




#1

The Japanese media were talking all about the monster attack and unexpectedly, they were starting to do something about the problem. It had already been a few years since the gate incident but everything was turning out great.

Just as he said, the gate had turned completely into concrete but was surprisingly still being borrowed by many other countries. Wherever it led to there was a special concrete that weighed a ton.

Of course the location was never scheduled and where the gate led was always a mystery. But, after the incident they fixed that so every can set a location in advance for it to work correctly.

But, even with that, after all the work was finished, Dongchul seemed to be unsatisfied. However, Jaehwang obviously didn’t care that much. It was mostly because Jaehwang had a raid scheduled at a very unexpected foreign country.

“China?”

“Yes, it’s a very urgent request.”

There was a very deadly monster on the loose in China. Jaehwang was requested to immediately go to China to help get rid of the threat.

“It’s an eighth tier black cyclops monster. It also has three seventh tier baby monsters along with it.”

“If it’s just an eighth tier monster then shouldn’t there be enough hunters in China already to handle it?”

A member of the management team asked. There were lots of hunters in China. However, the lead manager shook her head and denied it.

“Although they have a lot of hunters this monster in particular is very high ranked and their hunters can’t handle this situation. Usually when a monster like this showed up they would have to get 400 hunters from there country to be able to handle it but the black cyclob monster and the other monsters are just too much for them to handle.”

“There’s no one who can maintain a range among the hunters in China?”

“No. that’s why this is so urgent. And they have no data on the black cyclob monster and its babies so that makes things even more difficult.”

“Hm, I thought they could gather information easily there?”

The monster research team member said. Every time you do research on a monster there was a lot of information to find on them.

“Yes. however, the problem is that so many monsters at once is a deadly situation. The biggest problem is that the monster have broken out of their habitat. After two days then they expected to return.”

“That’s why they need someone to help hunt them.”

Needing to gather 400 people to hunt a monster on a raid was a deadly situation. Of course rather they took a crowd or one capable person it was still going to be difficult but if anyone could do it then it was Jaehwang.

“This is a serious situation, don’t you think it’s a little weird they requested for him to come? But, If Jaehwang agrees to it then...”

Jaehwang’s guard team said.

“Haha. I think that possibility is rare.”

“Hmm.”

The guard team leader said.

“Are they willing to accept our terms if we agree to this?”

Rumi asked.

“They are. I already told them everything and they were willing to agree. If we need help with a raid here on our end then they’ll help us.”

“This is the information from the union?”

After the generation mashup China created a union and recruited American employees. It couldn’t have been such a big territory.

“Of course.”

“Don’t they need material for during the raid?”

“There’s no way to authenticate it so that’s a burden on China’s side.”

“How much will the soldiers get for this raid and how long is it going to take?”

“I guess the time really just depends on how fast Jaehwang can hunt the monster. However, the preparation for the raid will take up to three days. They have offered a lot in pay.”

“Alright, sounds good enough.”

The management team captain said in reply to Rumi. He then looked over to Jaehwang and asked,

“Jaehwang, what do you think of all this?”

Jaehwang was sitting there with his arms crossed looking at the screen of the information on the black cyclob monster. He then tilted his head and asked,

“If it’s going to take three days then won’t the monster already attack before we even get there?”

“Huh? Ah! There is a missile attacked they have planned to hold it off until we get there. Of course there’s only so much a missle can do the keep an eighth tier monster away but that’s just to hold it off until the help comes. So far they’ve been doing everything they can to keep it away even before they scheduled for help.”

“Hm...”

Jaehwang said as he started to think. Everyone in the room waited to hear what he had to say. It was the first time he would do such an urgent raid in a foreign country.

After closing his eyes for a little he opened them and spoke to Rumi.

“Can you prepare the helicopter for tomorrow morning?”

“Tomorrow morning?”

Rumi asked in a confused tone.

“That is possible but don’t you think that’s a little fast? You don’t want to take the few days to prepare?”

Rumi asked.

Jaehwang was ready to go to China and start the raid tomorrow.

“The people there don’t have much information on me so we should provide them with more data in time for your arrival tomorrow. Instead of trying to explain everything to them, let’s just show them.”

#2

-A kid used to live in this mountain district a long time ago. The kid lives in a tree with his parents but on day the mother went out to buy rice cakes for them.

“Where is that sound coming from?”

-It turned out to be a foolish decision. Anyway, the mother returned and they ate the food but the kid then started to choke. He couldn’t breath but he was lucky enough to survive after the mother quickly took him to get help. After that he could never eat a rice cake again.

“Sounds like he had PTSD after that.”

“Yea. I’ve been worried about that kid since that day.

“Because he wouldn’t eat rice cakes anymore?”

-Yes. Rice cakes used be his favorite before that happened. There was nothing that he liked more, everything about them were ruined for him that day.

It’s such a shame.

“Is there anything he likes besides rice cakes?”

“No, that’s all he really liked.”

-Anyway, we’re going to find that kid on the mountains. Although I don’t think we’ll be able to, we’re going to give it a shot and try our best.

“What if we run into bears or tigers? Are we going to just give up there?”

-Of course not. We’ll be sure to be prepared for things like that.

-But I just hope that he’ll be able to enjoy rice cakes peacefully again. And hopefully we’ll be able to find him. I’m not completely sure if he’s even still around here or not.

“What about the mother? Would she know where he is?”

-I don’t know. I haven’t had a chance to ask her.

“Try asking her.”

-That might not be a good idea. She’s not too friendly with strangers.

“This is just like a story from a comic.”

-The kid should be really good with magic. He’s been learning since he was very young.

“Of course, his skills had been passed down for generations.”

-60 years has already passed...

“Wait, what’s the point in all this?”

-The conclusion I came to is that maybe that boy’s mother didn’t buy rice cakes that day and he didn’t choke on rice cakes...”

“So... What are you saying?”

-Isn’t it strange? He would’ve most likely died choking on a rice cake considering they were in a remote area so getting him to help in time was basically impossible. It just doesn’t make much sense to me.

“You think they’re hiding something?”

-I just have a bad feeling about the whole situation.”

“In conclusion, it’s just a chaos theory?”

-Yea. There’s something off about the logic in that story.

-Also, I heard about this guy who is quite talented and powerful with arrows. Do you know anything about him?

“No, I haven’t heard of anything.”

-We have to find him. He can use magical arrows, he has a power that seems to not be available to anyone else. I heard that his power is inherited by his family from generations of powerful hunters.

He was clearly talking about Jaehwang, one of the most powerful hunters of his generation.

“Hm. so, do you think we can gain his power if we could capture him?

-Even I’m not sure if it’s possible to catch him. I’ve actually seen him in action before but only one time. He is very powerful.

“I see. So he could be a challenge.”

“Maybe there’s a spell that can do just what we need.”

-You think so?

“There should be one that can reach up to a distance.”

-Ow! My blood pressure!

“What blood pressure? You don’t even have a human body.”

Baekren asked. He was sitting on a chair on the highest floor of the building that he was in and reading a comic. In the distance he could see lots of trucks on the street and people walking on the sidewalk.

-If the spell could reach that far then wouldn’t that be perfect.

“Yea. That would be great.”

Baekren said a bit anxiously.

-Hey, don’t worry about anything. You can do this.

“Thanks.”

Baekren said with a smile.

The Fisher and the Fish 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 190: Black Cyclob Raid




#1

The next morning the clan members got onto the helicopter and flew off to their destination. It was a top-notch helicopter that weighed 30 tons and could carry up to 40 people at a time. With two people being the pilot there were also two people who helped with the controls.

Of course it was Jaehwang and Rumi who helped with the controls.

“Is this really all we have to do?”

“Yes.”

“No, the assistants and I are going to camp out at the location. 20 of our best assistants will be there with weapons.”

“When we arrive ten people will have to take the same car.”

The team leader and the management team captain still didn’t understand the plan very well.

“If we do things like this, we won’t be able to escort Jaehwang. If he gets off the helicopter without guards then that will be really dangerous.”

Said the guard team captain who usually didn’t speak.

The only remaining quiet ones was Rumi and the monster raid support team but this situation was rather confusing. Jaehwang then shrugged his shoulders and looked towards Rumi and said,

“Rumi, you seem to understand how this works, can you explain it to them?”

“Sorry.”

He said.

“Up until now, you will not be using the knowledge you already know for this raid. For Jaehwang’s raid today we’ll be creating a new system. Later when we go into the raid we just have to do what Jaehwang planned. Understood?”

“Understood.”

The team captain said.

“Let’s check the report.

Each of you will have to display your best skills today. Everyone must be sure to stay on track during this raid.”

She said in a serious tone.

The supporting team captain was looking down onto his notebook not seeming to be paying much attention.

His job was the most important one on the mission and also the oldest.

He wrote down and reviewed everything Jaehwang and Rumi said his notebook.

“Everything will go fine as long we follow along with the plan.”

“Right.”

The management team leader said in reply to the supporting team leader.

Jaehwang then turned and stared out the window with a smile on his face as he looked at the golden light from the morning rising sun.

Later as he looked out the window he suddenly heard a familiar voice.

-Finally, I’ve finished them all!

-That took a long time.

-It turned out to be a lot more than I thought.

The spirit said.

She was currently trying to absorb the energy of a ninth tier monster. She had already done it twice but it was still difficult even the third time around. Even more difficult than the first two times. The monster she was absorbing the energy from was very different from the other ones she’s tried before. It took a lot of strength and concentration.

-Did it go well?”

-Yes, thank goodness.

She replied in relief.

-I’m glad your done now. Did everything go well?

-Yep. I’m back to my original 80 percent strength.

Jaehwang was happy to hear that everything went well.

She was having a hard time before but now she’s back to normal.

-So you only have two more to go now?

-Yes, just two more!

-I wouldn’t be able to hunt this monster without you.

Luckily the spirit had returned and could help him with the upcoming raid.

Jaehwang also had energy he was keeping ahold of for the raid mission.

To maintain that force he currently had he had to get more energy soon. The reason he wanted to hunt the monster on his own in the first place was so he could take its energy.

Both him and the spirit needed to get to 100 percent.

The funny thing was that it would be great if everyone else understood that.

However it was important to Jaehwang not to show his weak points to anyone. Although he didn’t really have any he didn’t want to give any doubt that he couldn’t handle anything. He rather be seen as a level 9 hunter kryptonite in the eyes of everyone else.

‘I wish they could understand.”

Jaehwang said to himself thinking about the fact that everyone really did think of him as some invincible person. He hoped that maybe Baekren also wasn’t as strong as he seemed.

-What kind of spell do you think Baekren as planned this time?

-I don’t know but I’m sure we’ll be able to handle it much better this time around.

-Do you really think he’s a demon?

The spirit’s skills were very powerful and she could sense almost anything.

She could find out anything.

-A demon... That’s still a big accusation. But, we will find out more about him over time.

-Sounds good.

Jaehwang replied satisfied with her answer.

“Let’s go.”

Jaehwang eagerly wanted to shoot an arrow into Baekren’s heart. Very slowly...

#2

The helicopter landed in somewhere in China for a feuling stop. After that they took off again to finish making their way to their planned stop.

“I wonder how this will come out on TV.”

“Me too.”

The management leader said in reply to Jaehwang as they were sitting down eating lunch.

During the fueling stop the helicopter was there for thirty minutes so he took that time to get a few of his arrows to prepare.

“Can you hand me a headset?”

“Sure. Here you go.”

The guard team leader said handing Jaehwang a headset.

“Thanks.”

“No problem.”

Jaehwang then put on the headset and turned it on.

Sometimes there were hunters on the team that were fussy and difficult to deal with but Jaehwang just thought ‘If they don’t really want to help then why agree to come in the first place?’

They then turned on the TV and it was set on the news channel.

It was live broadcast of a report about the black cyclob monster on the loose.

[A lot of been going on here for the past few days...]

[This raid will have the best hunters and they will finally help us out of this dangerous situation... Until now there has been no successful raids that has helped take down the monster so we have high hopes for them and we are putting all of our trust into them.]

“Everything seems to be the same as it was one hour ago.”

“Yea.”

It seemed a little strange but the news broadcast was trusted.

They were prepared for the raid and ready to show the citizens what they can do.

“Do you anyone apart of a clan here?”

Jaehwang asked to the team leader.

“There is someone who I used to be close with who’s apart of a clan here. He actually became a key person to an alliance here. He has a total of one thousand members and some very powerful hunters in that group.”

“Thirties years after high school he said that everyone left the group but that wasn’t true.”

“When he heard that China was an easy place for them to earn money, he decided to come here.”

“Sounds like someone I don’t really need to worry about during this raid, right?”

Jaehwang asked and one of the raid members then replied,

“To avoid the black cyclops senses we’re going to have to fly at low altitude for 40kilometers! We should arrive at our location in 10 minutes.”

Jaehwang then nodded his head and said,

“Alright, in fifteen kilometers we’ll start the raid, get ready everyone.”

Jaehwang said and everyone in the helicopter instantly got up out of their seats and began to move quickly to get into position.

“We are approaching the black cyclobs area! Get ready to attack on time as planned!”

The team leader shouted and Jaehwang slightly nodded his head. Jaehwang felt a little un easy noticing that he all of a sudden seemed to have started taking over the raid.

Rumi then also noticed and shouted,

“Do you know who you’re on a raid with right now! A level 9 hunter! You should follow his lead! Before this raid started everyone was going along fine with his plan!”

After hearing what Rumi said he then came to realization and spoke through the headset,

“Monster research team, what’s the black cyclobs weak spot?”

Jaehwang then looked at his notes he wrote in a notebook. However, something seemed a bit off.

“Isn’t it a little weird that you don’t already know what the monster’s weak spot is?”

“I think that it could be water.”

Jaehwang then smirked and took one look in his notebook before replying to him.

“It’s not water. Their eye is actually their weak spot.”

“Oh. I see.”

He replied.

Even Jaehwang didn’t actually know the details of it completely.

“But, they do seem to be very good at defending themselves.”

“They’re good at defending themselves?”

“Yes. although they do have a weak spot, you can’t get to it easily... It is a high tier monster after all.”

“Wow.”

One of the team members replied.

“Good to know, now let’s get ready.”

After that everyone felt more relaxed and were more confident than before.

Black Cyclob Raid, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 191: Black Cyclob Raid 2




#1

Shut up! The raid is starting in ten minutes! This is no time to be acting out. Every time I have to cancel a Raid here because of you all everyone thinks I’m the problem! Now we have four minutes! Ugh... Okay. Good! We got extra time and now we have 6 minutes.:

Click

The raid leader then hung up the phone and wiped the sweat from his forehead.

“The raid will be starting in five minutes.”

He said to Jaehwang.

“Great.”

“Sorry I said that I would cancel the raid, I just said that to them out of anger.”

Jaehwang then shook his head as he understood.

It wasn’t anything really important, he already knew who his target was. Maybe if he would’ve accepted the raid on his own subjective judgement then he would’ve been fine with it being canceled if it came to that.

Besides, he didn’t really like working with teams on raids.

“I’m not making this decision but you’re primary judgement on the raid must be right. Besides, Rumi already approved me for the mission so there’s really no getting out of it.”

Jaehwang said.

“My opinion? You really think so?

The raid leader asked with a surprised expression. Getting such a compliment from him was very surprising.

“I help everyone the best I can. If you need any help then don’t hesitate to ask me anytime.”

...

Clearly he was still feeling a bit nervous talking to a level 9 hunter.

But he didn’t want to make it so obvious.

“Of course they would abuse their authority and misuse it. Rumi thoroughly looked over the investigation. Rumi works with Gwanjae a lot, it wouldn’t be surprising if they were hiding something. But, I think the clan members punishment is fine, don’t you agree?”

“I guess so. I prefer a punishment rule than just a punishment.”

Jaehwang replied with a nod and looked over to where Rumi was.

“First we’ll do an interview with four people. We’ll review the skills of the guard team leader and a few others.”

“Alright.”

Rumi said in agreement to what Jaehwang said.

“From now on, when we in this raid we’ll stick by one of these members. This should help us avoid any problems along the way. But first I’ll need to know a little more about the skills of some of you guys.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang said in agreement.

“Let’s begin the interview.”

Jaehwang said with a smile.

He got an arrow and prepared to launch it. Besides him the strongest person there was the guard team leader. He got a weapon and took a deep breath.

“You may now begin to shoot.”

Jaehwang said and everyone then walked up to a metal plate.

The helicopter was going to fly up and alert them of the monsters nearby so they could attack them.

Jaehwang went into the helicopter to talk to Rumi.

“The distance of the target is 15 kilometers so could you just hover the helicopter? That should help a bit with difficulty.”

“Sure.”

“I’ll tell the pilots.”

“Okay, thanks.”

Jaehwang replied.

He then put on a headset and started aiming for the target.

Click! Whoosh!

The pilots on the inside of the helicopter could hear the sound of the attacks on the outside. Jaehwang was so far the only one reaching the monsters.

-Spirit, I need your help.

-Got it.

The red energy surrounding Jaehwang instantly disappeared. Before he was using a bit of a flying bird skill but he now no longer needed that. The spirit flew up into the air to find the Black cyclob.

In no time he was able to start shooting much faster with the help of energy from the spirit. As the spirit looked from the sky she saw about 18 Black cyclob monsters up ahead.

His arrow hit one the monsters in the eye but that wasn’t enough to stop them.

“You’ve attacked about four of them so far.”

Jaehwang closed his eyes for a moment and he could see what the spirit was seeing. He then knew exactly where and how far to aim to attack the monsters.

He then heard someone talking to him through his headset.

-They’re about one thousand meters away! But there’s two monster coming towards out way!

Jaehwang then turned to the right and immediately shot two arrows.

Swooosh! Pong!!!

-They’re still coming! They’re everywhere... Huh?

One of the supporting team members were saying through the headset and then saw something

-Uh... The shooting... It’s coming down...

“Focus on the Black cyclobs.”

“Huh? Oh, alright.”

The hunter said in reply to Jaehwang.

-There shouldn’t be anymore fifth tier monsters here.

He said and a deep breath in relief. However, they knew they couldn’t be too sure about that.

#2

Jaehwang could see the whole family of Black cyclops monsters through the spirit’s view. The monsters stood 20 meters tall and he could tell they were very strong just by simply looking at them. There were also three baby monsters walking by them.

A monster like them were something that was only seen in the Alousu and not in the real world.

He wasn’t sure how they could appear in the normal world but it was the first time he had seen a monster like that there.

If humans were just like them then humans would invade their world as well. But obviously they’re not like that so the monsters thankfully don’t have to worry. However, of course the situation would be different if the Black cyclob monsters had the intelligence of a human.

-They’re currently 1,600 meters away... we can hover over only 1,4000 more meters.

One of the hunters said through the headset.

-The Black cyclobs can’t be scientifically explained. There’s not nearly enough research one them. They weigh about one ton, are as tall as a building and are extremely tall.

The raid support team leader explained to everyone thought their headsets.

“Can you explain that again, please? They are really scary monsters”

Jaehwang asked. Although he had already heard everything there was to know about them before the raid he needed a recap.

-The Black cyclob monster do look very scary. The moment you meet eyes with them you’ll feel powerless. Although they could be very difficult for hunters to defeat, there is away to block their strength.

“Alright.”

Jaehwang said nodding his head and got another arrow.

-Considering all that this could be a real challenge.

“Yea.”

Jaehwang said in agreement as he prepared to launch the arrow.

“Let’s try to be careful of the helicopter while attacking.”

-Yes, sir.

Jaehwang then took a deep breath and launch the arrow.

[Magic Skill]

[All strength increased by +5.]

[Energy increased by +1000.]

[Healing Skill increased by 30 percent.]

[Skill attack strength increased by 50 percent.]

The Spirit’s power increased. However, as much as her power increased she still had to work hard to maintain the power.

-Your powers improved?

Jaehwang asked noticing how much stronger she was.

-Yea, now my skills could interfere with the formation. Should we start?

-Let’s go.

Jaehwang then launched two arrows.

[Strong Moving arrow]

Whoosh...

Kwanggg!!

-They’re coming!

-We need more power! Keep attacking guys!

All of the members of the raid team were attacking the monsters at once but it wasn’t going as good as they thought it would.

-Keep going!

The pilot said though the headset.

Jaehwang continued to shoot arrows.

-Rumi, request for a bigger helicopter please. We’re going to have to use a stronger attack.

-Huh?... A stronger attack. Ah... I understand.

Rumi replied being surprised at first until she realized what he meant.

Kwanggg!!!

Jaehwang kept shooting arrows creating another giant sonic boom cover the area in thick dust.

Black Cyclob Raid 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 192: Black Cyclob Raid 3




#1

The Black cyclob had a bad feeling about something. It furrowed its brows and looked around. While keeping its babies close it looked around making sure they were clear of danger.

“Ggreuuu…”

It didn’t see anything but it still felt something was wrong. The enemy hadn’t attacked them yet but it could sense something was going to happen. They’ve been attacked by hunters before so they weren’t so scared of any threats.

The monster knew how to fight them off and keep them away. However, the hunter that was looking for them was like no hunter they’ve ever encountered before.

It’s biggest concern was of course its children.

This could be too dangerous for them.

“Grreuu…”

“Ggreu!”

The monster roared. It was a signal that it was time for it to feed its children.

Usually the monster would hunt on its own but in a dangerous situation like this it was best for the monster to take its children with it.

“Ggrreu Greu!”

Although it was still too dangerous out to hunt but the babies were clearly really hungry so the monster had to go find something for them to eat.

“Grrrggah…”

The monster itched its head in frustration.

It brought his brother with her on the hunt to insure their safety.

“Grggah!”

She looked around everywhere to try to find something but there was nothing in sight.

Kwang… Kwang… Kwang…

Its big eyes looked and saw something. It was something dangerous. They tried to quickly hide in the ground but it was too late as they had already been spotted.

“Grgeu…”

The enemy started to get closer and closer to them.

Suddenly, their footsteps stopped. In that exact moment there was an unbelieveable fast shot coming their way.

“Grrgeuu!!!”

The monster did a call alerting the rest of the monsters that they were in danger.

“Greu!”

After that it saw a light like lightning coming towards them. With just the blank of an eye the far distance the light was right in front of them.

The monster hugged its babies to protect them and the Black cyclob monster ran in front of them to block the attack

“Ggrrahh!”

The monster shouted in panic as the danger approached.

A few seconds later…

Swoosh! Swoosh!

An arrow flew by the monster at the speed of light nearly hitting the mother monster protecting her babies.

“Ggrahh!”

The monster shouted while covering her head.

Swoosh! Ponggg!

“Ggraghh!”

The monster screamed as the shot landed close to its babies.

It’s babies also screamed and fell onto the ground.

Lucky for them the shot was small so it didn’t affect the baby monster too much. There was a small wound left but it wasn’t severe.

“Ggrahh! Ggreu!”

The moment the explosion reached their area the monsters began to panic. The other baby monster was shouting.

One of the other babies had their leg cut off from the explosion due to an arrow that hit into it.

Then, another light came flying from the sky.

“Ggrrahh!”

The cyclob monster saw the light coming towards them and turned to its babies. It remember how an arrow hit its baby in the leg last time.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!!!

This time they were able to block it. It hugged its babies to completely block them from the attack.

“Ggreuugh!”

It was a strong explosion but the monster was able to take the blow. Of course it was painful but that wasn’t a problem.

“We have to find the enemy.”

The monster thought knowing there was a human somewhere attacking them from afar.

It calculated where the human could be by watching where the attacks were coming from.

After the attack stopped it couldn’t figure out the range.

“Grreugh!”

The other monsters followed along in the direction from where the attacks were coming from. They walked in a formation so the mother cyclob could protect her children. It was sad as it looked down at the baby who got its leg cut off from the attack.

“Ggrreu…”

It was determined to find the enemy and destroy him. Although they didn’t see anything yet, they realized something.

It wasn’t something from the real world but something they would find while living in the Alousu. It was a cyclob dragon that existed a long time ago. The monster was known as the Alousu’s strongest monster that protected the Alousu. However, of course one day it suffered from a fatal attack and died.

Swooshhhh!!!

Another light came flying towards them.

“Ggragh!”

THis time they weren’t prepared. The monster shouted and the black cyclob ran towards the light with the babies in its arms.

“Ggreuu”

Another cyclob was flying towards the light but when it noticed that it was an attack it quickly turned around.

‘We have to stop this!’

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

Then… when they finally got close enough to see who it was, they weren’t surprised to see Jaehwang.

They then heard his voice from the distance.

“More!”

-Got it.

A giant helicopter then flew up into the sky.

Whoosh… Pong!

Jaehwang continued shooting the arrows.

“Will this lure them here?!”

-It should. I think it’s working!

Whooooshhh!!!

The helicopter was approaching quickly.

#2

“The attack seems to be working.”

The raid leader was in the helicopter checking the monitor of the monster tracker. All the monsters were coming closer to them exactly as they planned.

Their monster hunting monitor kept track of where the monsters were. Having the monitor made it easier for them to know the right time to attack and where.

Jaehwang continued to shoot the arrows in the direction location.

“Amazing.”

Rumi looking at the monitor seeing the success of the raid. The monsters didn’t seem to stand a chance.

“Try shooting a few more at a time.”

The raid leader said through the headset to Jaehwang. Although things were going well so far the vibration of the arrow explosions weren’t big enough.

Besides, all of the arrows were not flying straight.

They were landing in all kinds of directions.

“What in the world are those arrows made from?”

The monster research leader asked the supporting team manager.

The supporting team manager was in charge of Jaehwang’s supply and demand.

The support team manager laughed and replied,

“The clan received specially manufactured weapons. The arrows that he’s using right now are called ‘B death’. They’re his most requested arrows.”

“B death?”

‘B Death’ was the name of one of the hunters most requested brands.

“They sell those kinds of special weapons? Are they only sold to certain people?”

He asked. The supporting team leader then laughed. Of course you couldn’t just go and buy a weapon like that.

“Of course not. It’s just…”

“Just what?”

“You’re more likely to be able to get it depending on your hunter level.”

“Ah, I see…”

He replied still watching Jaehwang shoot arrows in amazement.

Suddenly, they saw something coming their way and it wasn’t a hunter.

“W-What’s that?!”

Luckily the attacked the monster in time before it got too close. However, the pilots already made a steep turn trying to avoid the monster.

-Sorry everyone! It was a very urgent situation!

Whooosh!

The helicopter turned to the side making a steep turn and everyone held onto their seats. Rumi effortlessly kept calm and checked the monitor.

Although they couldn’t hear any noise yet they felt as if they could already feel it in their ears.

“Panggg!”

The black cyclob monster was hit in its head. A whirlwind of dust came up from the ground and the monster and its babies watched with blank faces… The black cyclob monster was helping block the attacks for them but it looked like it was now out of energy to keep going. It couldn’t help them anymore.

“It’s time to start the hunt.”

#3

Whiiiii…

A silver drone flew by in the sky that was now empty.

The entire raid team looked at the drone footage in amazement.

“Wow…”

Forty years ago after the generation mashup the world needed a new hunter to help save the day. Many hunters tried to fill the spot but it was just no use. No one had what it takes to handle it.

Because of that even though their levels raised the skills and hunter experience they had still wasn’t enough. They could only reach a level of high ranked but still considerably standard skills. Due to that there came a bigger problem. Anyone weaker than them or stronger than them could tell how strong or weak they were before they even attack. It was important to respect a hunter’s privacy so their strength wasn’t revealed beforehand.

With that being a problem something called the ‘Star’ system was created to help protect hunter’s private information. At first the Star system was advocated and could only go up to level seven. The highest level hunter there ever were level eight and nine so even just reaching level 7 was very difficult and very rare.

Therefore just going up to level seven seemed to be just fine. No one could imagine anyone ever going over that level anyway. Until, sixty years passed and someone stronger than all of them finally arrived.

He was even powerful enough to fight a level 9 monster on his own. In no time he became a world famous hunter thanks to his skills.

And now… the Star system had to upgrade.

“Wow… It’s really a level 9 hunter.”

Black Cyclob Raid 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 193: The Fall of Tokyo




#1

Although they knew that those skills consumed a lot of energy they still let him handel the raid of eighteen monsters on his own. Among the eighteen monsters there were three seventh tier monster babies. Thankfully he had already captured five cyclob monsters so far. Also, there was also an eighth tier monster that was the strongest of them all.

With everything going on the place was now crowded with Chinese news broadcast channels.

“This is unbelievable... Wow... it’s the first time I’ve ever seen anything like this and it may be the same for you as well. Currently there are eighteen monsters here. Clearly this is a challenging situation but the hunter seems to be handling it quite well. It’s amazing...”

The news anchor said reporting on the raid. He could barely focus as he watched the raid in amazement. It was such and amazing and unbelievable sight for anyone. Even the cameraman could barely focus.

They even spent time filming the giant Black cyclob monster.

“So far the raid has gone on for an hour and forty minutes. This is so... It’s like a record for how fast this is going. How and when will it end? Let’s keep watching to find out.”

“Wow...”

Until the raid would come an end they stood there watching with their mouths wide open in amazement.

“Now it looks like...”

The news anchor could barely report on the raid because he was too focused on watching.

“It’s hard to tell what’s going on now...”

He said as he continued to watch. The only thing going through his head was how could a hunter be so powerful.

“Wow...”

Another one of the news staff almost fainted while watching the raid.

She was actually someone who lost her family due to a monster attack in the past. Her heartbeat so fast every time she saw the monster on the screen. However, today was the first time that she was able to endure watching for so long. It felt as if her fear was finally gone.

Not only that, everyone else also felt the same way as she did while watching.

“This Black cyclob monster raid will continue to broadcast live until the end. We’ll be right back after a commercial break.”

The news anchor said reading from his script. The cameras were then off and he went to sit in his chair.

“Pheu...”

He was covered in nervous sweat. Anyone could feel the anxiousness simply from the screen... Especially since the raid was getting even more intense with arrows constantly flying towards the monster.

#2

Whiiiii....

The helicopter flew through the sky.

Everyone inside of it were silent. There may have been something some of them had to say but they were far too distracted watching the raid.

“It seems to be going great right now.”

“Ah, yes. Also, let’s use the super computer and send the transmission of everything we’ve filmed from the drone.”

The research leader said.

He watched Jaehwang fight off the monster without even looking tired.

“It’s really amazing.”

One of the clan members said and the clan team leader looked a bit unagreeing.

He seemed jealous.

“Everything amazing in the world disappears.”

He said bitterly.

“Chinese officials are asking to meet Jaehwang. They want to do an interview.”

“I don’t know, he may be too tired to do any interviews.”

“...”

Rumi answered.

It didn’t seem that he was tired but maybe she was right.

‘But he doesn’t seem tired at all...’

He thought to himself. But decided to go with it.

“Understood.”

“Also, has the team for picking up the monster corpse showed up yet?”

He asked Jaehwang through the headset.

“Huh? Oh, right. They’re on their way now.”

Jaehwang replied seeming to have spaced out.

“Okay, good.”

Jaehwang then spoke to the spirit.

-Hey?

-What is it?

-Why would we need the eighth tier monster’s energy?

-....Because I’ve never had one before...

-If I take it than that could cause trouble here.

-I guess that is true.... But, I don’t know...

-I guess you could take some of its energy.

-Maybe...

Jaehwang said still unsure.

#3

Jaehwang’s aircraft returned to Korea. Aside from Jaehwang, everyone was working very busily. Especially Rumi who got Jaehwang a new helicopter for his next mission.

Usually Rumi was a bit hesitant to do such favors for anyone but in this case she was willing to help in anyway she could.

-Can you say that again?

Asked a poite voice.

“This helicopter is much stronger and safer than the last one.”

She answered and everyone looked surprised.

It was a very powerful helicopter that could basically withstand anything. It was perfect for the missions. Rumi said that she always wanted to use it and now is the perfect time.

-It’s a great aircraft model and is quite new. However, this model still hasn’t had a chance to be sold overseas yet. Rumi said to use it for the next raid, it will be very useful.

-Alright.

“I’m not sure how it works or if its been used yet but that’s all the information I have on it. Understand?”

“It’s been used up to one month at the most...”

Rumi replied.

-Okay, I think he can handle it. The meeting will end here. Everyone can go now. I should give Choi Younggi a call regarding this meeting...

She said and everyone’s face in the meeting room turned pale in fright. Choi Younggi was a very strict boss who was hard to face. His office was on the highest floor of the building. It seem Rumi had a lot of unpleasant things to report back to him so everyone was a bit concerned.

-No, no! We can test it out everyday! Don’t worry!

One of the members shouted from his seat.

Rumi then started to press a button to end the meeting but right before she pressed it she stopped and looked at them and took a deep breath.

“Great. Everyday sounds good. And, let’s start tomorrow morning.

-Got it. Everything will start on time.

“We’ll finish discussing this with the supporting team leader.”

-Yes, boss.

One of the meeting members reply and everyone then left the meeting room. Tomorrow morning the aircraft model would be ready for the next mission in Japan.

However, Rumi didn’t seem to find their words so trustworthy. But she had too many other things to take care of and couldn’t worry about that and just had to hope they would keep their word.

‘Until now everything had been prepared.’

Jaehwang showed them what the raid would be like. All he needed was four hunters to come along with him.

Having too many people come along with him on any raid was a waste.

That fact was proven on the previous raid.

however, now that he thought about that it seemed like a mistake.

But it didn’t seem like a problem for her.

She then heard a ringing noise and looked down to see if it was her phone.

“Hello?”

-Hey, turn on the Japanese news broadcast channel.

“Okay.”

Rumi said as she got the Tv remote and turned on the TV and there it was...

-Now we are at one of the gates where everyone lost their spirits! The gate is too big and failed to get searched. Now there’s even a ninth tier monster on the loose because of this gate that it came through! It was reported to be a Dakosu monster. This is clearly a very urgent situation and the people of Japan are in a lot of danger!

The bottom of the gate reached down to the end of the building. Although the building looked miniature on screen it was very big in person.

The gate looked to be eating away the building the people didn’t seem to care too much about that. Besides the hunters who were trying to help save the day all of the citizens were trying to escape.

Jiiijjiiikk...Jiijiikk...

You could hear the sound of the building slowing collapsing. The Japanese government had already tried their best to fix the problem but nothing was working. No one could handle it.

They even tried to seal the gate with concrete but that didn’t work either.

“What do we do now! Nothing has worked, we’re doomed!”

Someone shouted in the background of the broadcast.

The few cement trucks left the area before it was too late.

-Everyone is currently trying to escape Tokyo but the trucks are blocking the way. They seem to be struck! This is a big problem because it seems that the people can not leave.

-This city is now being filled with many refugees now causing a riot. Even the airport is now being targeted. There is no place to go...

“Things are getting out of hand.”

Besides Jaehwang everyone watched the screen with shocked expressions.

The Fall of Tokyo, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 194: The Fall of Tokyo 2




#1

Besides Jaehwang everyone looked at the screen in shock.

“Will it explode? I don’t think it’ll be able to just stay like that.”

The raid team leader asked.

“Apparently the gate hadn’t always been this big and it seems to be only getting worse.”

“No, that information actually turned out to be incorrect.”

“Didn’t they call for help? I thought that the Japanese government said they needed someone to help them. The media didn’t really have the correct information. Luckily those living in Japan are safetly evacuating to Korea.

“The Japanese government should handle the situation better...”

“Hopefully he has something in the works. There’s a lot that needs to be done there. And what’s to come isn’t even their biggest problem. If I’m not wrong then I heard that the Japanese citizens feel that they were blindly trusting their government.”

“Wow, that is a problem.”

Japan was the most unstable country of them all. They had many monster attacks and things were only getting progressively worse over time.

“Should we go back first? Even though they didn’t send out a raid request we should go and try to help them even if they don’t want it. They need help.”

“You’re right.”

It was a shame what was happening to the people but it would be hard to try to plan a raid there when they didn’t want the help. But maybe they would be able to do it considering Jaehwang just successfully completed an eighth tier monster raid.

“There’s no better person to do this besides Jaehwang.”

Rumi said as she turned towards Jaehwang.

“Yes.”

“Looks like we’ll need our department’s official name.”

Rumi said and Jaehwang then tilted his head and asked,

“Do we need the official name?”

“Uh. Yes. The system is actually now the supporting system. Usually the soldiers would make the decision with the leader and come up with a name to use but we need something right away. But, whatever it is we can let you approve of it first.”

Rumi said and Jaehwang then took a moment to think and soon nodded his head in agreement. He just didn’t want anything that would have his name directly in the title.

“Do you have any name in mind?”

Jaehwang looked around but couldn’t come up with any name. The raid team manager then said,

“What name do you think would be best for the raid team?”

“I want something that will fit all of us but I don’t have anything in mind.”

“Whatever you come up with, we’ll be fine with it.”

Rumi said.

Jaehwang then heard the spirit.

-Just use your family name.

The spirit suggested.

-Why?

-It’ll be easier for you to get a new upgrade and then I can use more magic.

“Hm...”

The spirit’s advice did help. Besides, using his family’s name wouldn’t be a terrible choice.

-But, if I use my family name then I’ll have to tell them about my family members.

-Isn’t everyone in your family fine? There should be nothing to worry about.

-No, it’s just, would they even believe it?

-Of course they would. What could they say? It wouldn’t be that surprising considering how powerful they see you as anyway.

-I guess you’re right.

Jaehwang replied. He then looked around at everyone. It hadn’t been that long since they all met but it is unlikely that they would doubt him.

“Let’s just use my family name.”

“Your family name?”

“Yea.”

Jaehwang explained his family name to them and everyone had a shocked look on their faces.

They couldn’t believe it. His family consisted of generations of powerful hunters.

“It’s not a big deal.”

Jaehwang said hoping that wouldn’t change their behavior towards him. He wanted things to stay just the way they are.

#2

Duddudududu...

The giant helicopter flew through the sky.

Everyone was wearing their headset ready for the mission.

Rumi had a strange expression on her face as she checked to see if everything was all clear up ahead. She checked again and again to be completely sure and then spoke to everyone through the headset.

“Hello, this is Rumi speaking.”

She said through the headset getting everyone’s attention.

-Yes, hello Rumi. This is an official form the Korean Nation hunter association, Bae HyunJoon.

“Hello, sir.”

There were five officials of the national hunter association team. One of them were Gwanjae.

-Haha, because of you the National Hunter Association has been doing really good these days.

“No no.”

Rumi said not trying to take all of the credit.

-Tokyo has been suffering a lot lately because of an incident with a gate. Before you guys g over there to help I’ll need to talk to Jaehwang.

“Huh?”

She asked in reply to his request.

-I thought he would be tired after the raid in China but this is a good chance for the Korean Hunter Association to get an even better reputation...

“One moment please.”

Rumi said cutting him off.

-What problems could there be?

“Isn’t it something that could solve the dispatch?”

-Haha, you’re right about that. This is our chance to catch up with a lot of things...

“No. Why does the hunter association have to make the final decision?”

-Rumi. This is a very important decision that has to be made. This isn’t just Japan’s problem, the monsters could easily escape to our country as well. Also, this could really backfire on us and our image if our interference is unsuccessful. So we need to think this through carefully.

“But sir?”

Rumi said cutting him off again.

“What is it?”

“I understand what you’re saying but Jaehwang can do this. I’m sure of it.”

She insisted.

-Hm. I’ll think about over with the other officials and get back to you. Gwanjae may be the most difficult to convince...

“Our clan is not a low rank team. We can do it. You don’t need to get any approval.”

Rumi said as she turned to Jaehwang and nodded her head in assurance.

She asked and Jaehwang also nodded his head in agreement.

-I don’t know... I think it’s best that we still get approval from everyone first...

“We’re going to do whatever we want no matter what.”

-What?

He said in reply to Rumi’s demand.

“I said we’re going to do what we want no matter what you and the other officials say. We already have a plan have started to go through with it. So it’s too late for us to turn back anyway. We’ve made up our minds.”

-Listen here!

Deuk... deuddeuu

Rumi then hung up the phone before he could say anything else.

“Wow, that was refreshing.”

She said.

Jaehwang looked at her in shock. He had never seen her like that before. She was usually a very calm person.

“I’ve never known you as such a demanding person.”

The raid team leader said to Rumi.

Rumi then laughed and replied,

“This is just too important for anyone to try to ruin.”

“What do you think he’s going to say to Gwanjae?”

“I don’t know but I don’t think that’s anything to worry about. It’s not like Gwanjae and I are strangers so even if he does hear about it and get mad he won’t be too harsh.”

“That’s good.”

He said.

“Besides, there’s nothing at all to worry about because the mission will surely go great since we have Jaehwang here with us.”

Rumi said and Jaehwang smiled.

Jaehwang did feel kind of regretful for what just happened with the officials.

He usually wasn’t one to care much but he felt a little disappointed in himself.

“Let’s go.”

“Alright.”

The Fall of Tokyo 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 195: The Fall of Tokyo 3




Articles about Jaehwang spread all over the Chinese media.

[Level 9 hunter saves the day with his arrows.]

[Korean hunter shocks China with his amazing skills!]

[Powerful hunter with magic arrows saves China!]

[Level 9 hunter succeeds in a raid against eighteen monsters including an eighth tier monster.]

Everyone was amazed at the fact that he was able to fight all of those monsters on his own. It seemed impossible. All of China praised him. There were even videos of the fight spreading around online trending number one.

“What a shame. You guys helped too.”

“Don’t worry about it. We couldn’t have done it without you anyway.”

Jaehwang didn’t feel good about getting all of the credit for a raid that they worked as a team for. He sat down with his food tray and started to eat.

“Why do we have to eat here again?”

“Yea, why do you want to eat here, Jaehwang?”

The place they were in was Jaehwang’s favorite place in the neighborhood to eat.

“Because, it was just close by.”

“This is Jaehwang’s favorite place to eat. I think it’s one of the best too.”

“Yea.”

Everyone was so amazed with Jaehwang’s skills that he was starting to be seen as even more powerful than Gwanjae. But even so, he felt good knowing that he could sit and eat and be seen as just a normal person with no special treatment whatsoever. Just like how it used to be.

“The menu here is great.”

Jaehwang said while eating.

“Your ordering so much that the restaurant is going to need more chefs.”

Rumi said with a laugh.

“Will Gwanjae be visiting Japan as well to see how things are going with the incident?”

“No. It seems that he will be staying in Korea this time.”

“Oh.”

She replied. Jaehwang put his spoon down and began to think.

“Maybe the other Hunter Association officials can’t convince him to go.”

Rumi said noticing what Jaehwang was thinking.

“I guess so. I just thought this was something he would be concerned about.”

Jaehwang was really starting to dislike Gwanjae because of that.

He felt really let down.

“There’s really no need to worry about it. Gwanjae has experienced a lot of situations like this in his life time so maybe he just wanted to take it easy this time. Or, are you worried about the leader of the Hunter Association?”

Jaehwang then erased the worried look off his face and smiled as he picked up his spoon again to finish eating.

“No, I’m fine. It’s not a big deal.”

They all finished eating and went off to stop at a department that was named after Jaehwang’s family name. For now on they let Jaehwang be in charge completely.

-Ha, isn’t it strange that the department is named after you.

-What’s so strange about it?

-That means it was most likely run by your family.

-I guess we’ll find out for sure later. But, shouldn’t I be proud to have my family name on it?

Jaehwang said.

However, he wasn’t sure how he should feel about it either.

He did have a marking on his chest that his entire family had as well but he still wasn’t sure why it was there.

-They’ve shrunk. Obviously that means they’re not as good as they used to be.

-We’re going to have to adjust to it.

[Special Skill] [Passive]

-Loyalty of magic skills increased.

-Energy of magic increased.

-Skills of magic amplified.

The spirit got a new upgrade. Jaehwang’s skills didn’t increase but everyone elses seem to have.

-This is a mind skill. It’ll help us a lot on this mission.

-Got it.

Jaehwang replied.

#2

Jaehwang finished the raid in China and two days later went on another raid mission in Japan.

[The Fall of Tokyo!]

One word was enough to describe it.

Due to the generation mash up a gate had been getting larger and larger until it finally noticed but unfortunately, it was noticed too late. When they finally reached the location of the gate there was some kind of black liquid exploding out of it.

Although the black liquid coming from it was normal they had never seen a monster come from out of the gate.

The city’s faith was in Jaehwang as he was their last hope.

As they got close to the black liquid and tried to see what it was like but not even a weapon could get through it.

What was even scarier was that it appeared slowly.

Boooshhh...

Suddenly they heard a loud noise coming from somewhere. It sounds like something giant. It was even creepier because they were at the gate. It was a loud hovering noise. As the hovering got even louder the black liquid started to spill out of the gate faster.

“Let’s get out of here!”

“Ahhhh!”

Everyone ran away in panic and the black liquid started to explode everywhere.

They weren’t sure what was happening but they assumed that it was a giant monster coming closer.

“The Japanese empire are attacking!”

Many Japanese soldiers were fighting all they could and they only had a few more hours left to endure it. Half of them even already died due to monster attacks. They were starting to deeply regret their decision.

People were running all over the place trying to escape. Dozens of monsters were coming out of the gate and there was nothing no one there could do. Some people were even already dead by being trampled.

After that the attack continued on and soon there was a huge explosion. However, the biggest problem was still the black liquid. The liquid was becoming more and more due to the loud hovering noise vibrating the ground.

All of the citizens fled Tokyo and soon a Dakosu monster came from out of the gate. It was responsible for the hovering noise that was heard a few minutes ago.

[A giant level seven Dakosu monster has invaded Tokyo... We encourage everyone to find safety as quickly as possible]

[This is a very unexpected occurrence...]

[Japan is no experiencing a fatal monster invasion]

Everyone in Tokyo were escaping the city.

The next day there was a big explosion scheduled to try to get rid of the monsters.

The Japanese government were going to launch a missile into the area hoping that it would be enough to get rid of all of the monsters with that one attack.

However, that was obviously very unlikely. There were way too many monsters and just a missile was barely even enough to get rid of one of them.

The whole world was shocked watching the report on the news.

It was the first time that Japan was in such a panic and alarming state.

#3

[The world known level nine hunter from Korea has come here to help with the monsters that escaped out of the gate.]

Articles and news channels were talking about Jaehwang’s arrival to save the day. The news was spreading everyone online as well. Jaehwang hadn’t showed up yet but everyone was hoping that he would.

[Will he attend the Japan raid?]

[Can he stand by and save us?]

Even the Korean media was talking about it. Actually it was getting talked about all over the world.

If they refused the National Hunter Association of Korea refused the request then that would give their stories more credibility.

So far there was no sign of his arrival to rescue them. However, there were still articles trusting him.

[The people of Japan are still waiting for the great level nine hunter to show up. Will he be able to fix the gate? Will he be able to capture all of the monsters? I guess we’ll have to wait and see to find the answers!]

-Why are they pushing this so much? It’s clear that he’s not coming...

-They’re talking about the hunter more than Japan’s issue.

-Where is he?

-I really hope he does come really soon...

It wasn’t just the Krean media but the entire world was talking about Jaehwang.

There were comments under the article with mixed opinions but overall everyone was counting on him to come through.

“Looks like we should move a bit faster.”

Rumi said to Jaehwang.

“I agree.”

Jaehwang replied.

The Fall of Tokyo 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 196: Legacy




#1

Rumi prepared for the articles interviews. She walked through the giant hall of the biggest hotel in Korea. Not only did they save a seat for the world’s best hunter but, there was room for all the hundreds of hunters of each clan team that came as well. Not only ones from Korea but hunters from all over the world. However, the fact that the Korean hunters were on one side of the room separated from everyone else felt a bit strange.

Of course they were proud of a powerful hunter from their country but their faces clearly didn’t look happy at all.

“Did you say that famous hunter will be here today?”

“What famous hunter?”

“You haven’t heard of the famous hunter that everyone’s been talking about?”

A writer asked to another who surprisingly didn’t seem to know who he was talking about.

“Uhh...”

“We have to make an honest report, what if it turns out badly? Do we still submit it or try to fix it up?”

“I don’t know. I guess we’ll worry about that when we get there.”

The journalists chatted with each other about the upcoming interviews. Many of them seemed very unexcited.

“That’s it. How are we all supposed to gather here for nothing? Clearly none of us are even interested in writing this story.”

“Yea.”

The oldest reporter said and tore up his piece of paper he was going to write on and threw it onto the floor of the interview room.

“Wow, are you seriously doing this right now?”

One of the other reporters asked him.

“Yes. The Nation Hunter Association are talking on the top floor.”

“Oh...”

He replied in disappointment hearing what he said.

“What do you think is going on up there?”

“I don’t know but I don’t have a good feeling about it.”

“Look. this person is a level nine hunter. So no matter what everyone’s going to think the same and praise him. It that not a problem? The top leader of all clans is Gwanjae who is a level 7 hunter but this other guy is a level 9 hunter... There can’t not be a problem there.”

“That does make sense...”

A journalist replied.

“What do you think will happen? It can’t be anything good.”

“I don’t think we need to worry. Everything’s been fine these past few days.”

“So, you don’t notice anything off?”

“Not really but I can see where you’re coming from.”

He replied calmly. Honestly, all of them felt a bit strange about the whole situation as well.

“Everything is just really strange right now. Moreover, if they were to create a new government establishment in the future then... Well, that’s all I can say. I’m gonna get going now.”

“Huh? Wait, what were you just saying?!”

He shouted to the oldest journalist but it was too late as he was already out the door.

What he said was left ringing in everyone’s head.

A few hours later Rumi announced the beginning of the journalist meeting.

#2

“The National Hunter Association of Korea still hasn’t accept any requests of raids for Jaehwang. However, before then we decided to take matters into our own hands and plan the Japanese rescue raid on our own. It would be easy to just wait and deal with whatever answer they had but no time could be wasted on an issue this big.”

“So the National Hunter Association of Korea doesn’t agree with what you just said?”

A Japanese reporter asked.

“Would that be the right words for it? There’s already a lot of false accusations about Jaehwang being spread around because of assumptions like that.”

Rumi said to the reporter who then sat back in her seat without another word.

“Alright, next.”

“Is there a doctor provided by the National Hunter Association to join hunters on raids?”

“Of course. The well being of the hunter is always being taken care of as much as possible throughout raid missions.”

Rumi answered.

“From the looks of the Nation Hunter Association’s position in this situation do you think that we could really trust them with our well being?”

“Of course but, didn’t I mention about not doubting them? That’s something for them to address, not me.”

She replied.

“We understand that but after everything that’s happened over here I think we deserve a proper explanation by now.”

“Uhh...”

Seeing that Rumi didn’t seem to have an answer for her question the reporter sat back down into her seat in disappointment.

The reporters then seemed to all have fallen into a panic. An American reporter than raised her hand. Rumi then nodded her signaling for the question.

“It looks like Jaehwang is now our only hope. But, does he have anyone that helps with all the heavy lifting on missions?”

All the other reporters were interested in hearing the answer for that question as well.

“Well...”

Rumi said trying to answer the question.

“Do you even have an answer to that question?”

At that moment two people showed up next to Rumi. she smiled as if she already knew who they were.

“Thank you.”

#2

After about thirty minutes later the meeting ended.

The moment the interview ended the reports began to send everything from the interview to the news papers.

[The famous hunter appeared at the meeting conference to answer a few questions!]

[The Korean departments journalists also confirmed all the answers we were asking]

[Finally, the answers we’ve all been asking were answered!]

Tik...

Jaehwang sat at a table under the clear sunlight reading one of the articles on his tablet.

“Hm, there’s so much focus on this.”

He said to himself.

“Yea. Gwanjae should really give them more answers to avoid a bad reputation.”

Rumi said.

“The articles aren’t so bad and people do seem to be receiving them well.”

“I guess you’re right.”

Jaehwang then stood up from his seat.

He didn’t really care that much about the situation but the media seemed to be praising him over every little thing. Of course that would be great for anyone else just Jaehwang didn’t like all of the attention.

“It’s strange. The next second the media could easily be against you...”

“Well, all we can do is make sure everything is fine on our side because only we know the truth.”

Jaehwang said.

“You’re right. I mean, I know they do this to have a job but aren’t they just a bit to much sometimes?”

During the last national raid there was so much damage done that the tax prices went up causing many people to struggle with the sudden expenses.

Rumi indirectly spilled the secret on Jaehwang’s renunciation of citizenship.

“Do you think it could be because of my renunciation of citizenship?”

Training was his favorite thing to do and he didn’t think much of leaving the clan but because of that he may have to start thinking about it.

“There are many hunters in the same situation, I don’t think it’ll be a problem. Besides, you’re different than every other hunter so it’s not the same. You would easily reach the requirements anyway.”

Rumi said and Jaehwang smiled.

“Alright. But, do you think I should include myself in those taxes anyway?”

“Sure. That should be enough to satisfy some people who may be a bit angry.”

“Yea. And that should gradually help people create more jobs.”

“Not for that.”

“Then, what for?”

“Are you going to keep refusing it, Rumi?”

“Yes.”

Rumi replied.

Rumi hasn’t been interested in paying taxes for funding related to monsters ever since her parents died in a monster attack when she was little.

“You should try it. If you invest a little now then your welfare can increase by ten percent by the time you get older.”

He said and Rumi was surprised to hear those results. But she was still very hesitant as she already had her mind made up for a while. She didn’t trust anyone to fight and defeat monsters to ensure the deal. Well, there was only one person she trusted. That one person was Jaehwang.

Besides him, there was no one else she wanted to put her trust into.

“Thanks for the advice.”

Rumi replied.

“Now, let’s hurry and get ready for the Tokyo raid. And, the Nation Hunter Association called and refused for us to go through with the attack.”

“What? Unbelievable...”

Rumi said in a shocked tone.

“I’m done here, I’m not hungry anymore.”

Legacy, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 197: Legacy 2




#1

Rumi politely spoke to the Nation Hunter Association about the situation. Although they weren’t approving of the mission they were able to work something out.

Luckily after a little talking it was easier for them to come to an agreement. They realized that maybe it was best for them to go on the mission and apologized to both Jaehwang and Rumi.

The two of them were satisfied with the apology and they were then able to move on from that situation.

After all of that they agreed to help them with the Japanese raid and give them the weapons they would need.

The news of the monsters was all over the Japanese media but the raid hadn’t started yet. However, the Japan government did try his best to guard the gate to keep everyone as safe as possible.

“We have to find out what’s in this black liquid.”

The leader of the monster research team then pressed a button on his research device and information on the liquid came up on screen, he then looked to the team management leader and said,

“That definitely doesn’t look safe.”

“Hmm, can you write a quick report on it so the other team members can know the information on it?”

“Okay.”

He then began to write a brief report on the black liquid.

“Try to make it simple but with all the information and details so we can find a way to protect ourselves from it.”

The research team leader then scratched his head in confusion and asked,

“Hmm, sorry but, the elasticity fundamentals have common starch paste effects and are similar to a solid matter. Looks like it can absorb what’s around it. But obviously it’s also much stronger than a paste.

Apparently it was much stronger than they thought it would be. It could even protect it self from the missile attacks. I don’t know what we could do to get rid of it.”

“I understand.”

The monster research team leader said and team management leader then began to write all the information in a brief report.

A few minutes later he finished with the report and presented it to Rumi.

“Conclusionally speaking maybe that could help lure out the monster during the raid.”

“Right. With the weapons the Nation Hunter Association sent, it should be possible for us to avoid the liquid and use it to our own benefit.”

“Does anyone know exactly how powerful the monster is? The tier doesn’t measure its power entirely...”

“They’re pretty strong but I don’t think they’ll be impossible. But, there are a total of 451 of them roaming around Tokyo, so the raid may take some time.”

A clan member answered. Clearly there was a lot to do for this mission.

“We’re going to have to be really careful this time.”

The team management leader said.

Everyone then nodded in agreement. All of them then looked at the screen to check the monster’s movements.

“Be sure to plan the attacks very carefully an detailed. Dakosu monsters are very unpredictable and observant monsters.”

He said.

After all of the analysis were finished but they couldn’t figure out exactly how they wanted to plan the attack. The biggest problem was that the monster was known to be really good at blocking attacks.

“Sir?”

Jaehwang said to the monster research team leader.

“Yes, Jaehwang.”

“Do you know exactly how powerful the monster is at blocking attacks?”

Jaehwang asked and he took a moment to think for a little. He then quickly checked the tablet and seemed to have noticed something.

“Yes, this happens to be a very simple calculation.”

“What does it say?”

“The calculation says that there’s something about 500 mm away from us.”

“500 mm?”

The guard team leader said.

“Looks like there’s no telling how well this will go.”

Jaehwang then tilted his head and said.

“Wasn’t the black cyclob monster five times stronger than that?”

“Well, you are right about that.”

Jaehwang then looked at all the information on the brief report.

“Well, now that we’ve all come to a decision, we can start the raid in three days.”

“Alright.”

Jaehwang said in reply to Rumi.

He then finished reading the briefing report and took a deep breath.

The place they were going was very dangerous itself even for the guard team. Jaehwang then leaned back in his chair and looked at the ceiling.

“What’s that?”

The monster reach team leader asked.

“Let me see.”

Rumi said.

“We’re going to do some research to find out the most effective way to attack it. They’re really giant so while we’re on the move we can be as prepared as possible.”

“Got it.”

Rumi was thinking about all the ways they could improve their plan so far and if this would cause any follow up raid afterwards.

-You continue to grow.

-What are you talking about?

Jaehwang asked in reply to the spirit.

-You just finished a raid a few days ago and now your going on another one. Impressive.

-I guess so.

Jaehwang said like it wasn’t nothing.

(Archery skills)

-Unique Arrow

-Moving Arrow

-Exploding arrow

-Strong Arrow

-Arrow Shower

-Penetrating Arrow [New]

He reviewed all of his arrows to see which one would be the best to use on the monster during the raid. When he saw the new skill he noticed that he hadn’t even used it yet.

There actually hadn’t even been a reason to use it yet.

It was a very powerful skill he gained so far but he hasn’t used it yet because he felt that he wasn’t skilled enough to use it yet.

However, now he felt that he was ready.

“This is going to be like the first hunt...”

Whooshhh... Kwang kwang! Kwang...

Suddenly there was a large explosion from far away and something came shooting at Jaehwang but luckily, he was able to dodge it. He looked back and saw nothing but a rocky mountain. It was actually Gwanjae’s favorite mountain peak.

Legacy 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 198: Good Men & Good Women




#1

“Did anyone find spare parts for the drone?”

“Not yet.”

“The base is complete so we’ll move on to that immediately so the helicopter will be ready whenever we need to fly. We won’t take until we’ve finished twenty hours.”

“Alright. Let’s go.”

The team manager said to the workers working on the helicopter. He used a tablet to check the rest of the parts of the helicopter and he suddenly saw something surprising.

“Ah! Jaehwang sir.”

“You’ve done a good job.”

“No, not that.”

The team manager said.

“Take a break. The raid hasn’t started yet so we have time to take it easy.”

Jaehwang said.

They still had a few days left before the raid started. The Korean Nation Hunter Association even sent them some monster hunting weapons to help. However, he was looking at something on the screen completely different from what they thought.

“Wait. to get you the best support we should get moving now. It’s an emergency. Look at this. Something’s not right here. The summit’s heat dropped to a dangerous low. We’re going to have to be really careful.”

“Really?”

“Yes.”

“Hmm.”

He didn’t actually think much of what he was talking about.

“Is there anything to worry about?”

“Something is going on here. Look at this.”

He said and Jaehwang went to take a look.

There were thousands of tents set up with people inside of each one of them. They had to be soldiers there for some reason. It was hard to see what the people looked like and what they were wearing.

It seems that they didn’t have enough things and it was definitely hard to find food. All of their faces looked tired and sad.

However, a few feet away was there fully equipped camping area. There were lots of people that weren’t able to escape Tokyo in time so they were stuck there camping. They had no where else to go. They were stuck.

“There’s some terrible smell”

“Huh?”

Jaehwang asked in reply to the team manager. The team manager then took a deep breath and said,

“This side of Japan is very easy to allocate. Those people must be having such a hard time...”

“It’s unbelievable.”

Obviously they weren’t having such a hard time as them since they weren’t staying in Japan so they felt really bad for the people out there.

“Let’s go and shoot. We can do something and help them. It’s not too late ...”

“Alright.”

The team manager said in reply to Jaehwang.

“Let’s get going.”

He said.

#2

“Ahh, this is kind of relaxing.”

“Shhh, talk a little quieter.”

Jaehwang replied. A girl with red hair then came up to them and said,

“Wow, who are you guys?”

“....”

Jaehwang just blankly stared at the girl.

It was the spirit. She was now in human form.

Jaehwang’s face started to turn a bit red because of the cold.

“This is terrible.”

“Agree.”

The spirit replied as they walked in the dark while freezing.

She then looked around with a smile and said,

“This place is really funny.”

“How?”

“Everyone around is wearing a hood over their head.”

Jaehwang just nodded and took a deep breath. He didn’t mention it but he knew why they were dressed like that.

She didn’t know what was going on but just by looking at it, it would seem like some kind of hoodie festival.

There were a lot of hunters wearing the hood as a fashion choice.

It was best to hide their faces as much as possible on mission for their safety. Almost every hunter they saw had their faces covered with their hood.

“Wow, so many of them are wearing hoods.”

The spirit said. There were about thirty of them wearing a hood over their face in that place.

“Do you think they’re wearing them because of you.”

“I don’t know.”

It wasn’t common to see so many of them wearing hoods so it was really strange.

They could have been wearing them because of Jaehwang since the hood over his face was kind of his thing in all the viral videos.

Someone then suddenly cut between Jaehwang and the spirit as they were walking.

The person was wearing black armor and had big muscles. He tried to grab the spirit’s wrist but of course pulled away from him. The moment he tried to take her hand she punched him in the face.

Ponggg!

Her punch sent him flying back and landing onto the ground.

Jaehwang then turned around to see what was going on. Everyone else was then also looking in their direction wondering what all the noise was.

“So annoying.”

The spirit said.

Someone then pointed at them and shouted,

“It’s a Satoshi!

“Hey! Have you lost your mind?!”

Everyone then started to walk closer and surround them.

“Sakura clan, let’s get them!”

It was the Sakura clan hiding behind those hoods.

They were the most famous clan in Japan.

In the past the Japanese clan used to rule Japan but they got dethroned from their position and the Sakura clan took over.

However, ever since the gate incident happened in Tokyo things changed and they had nowhere to go resorting them to camp out in a rural area in Japan.

They seemed a bit relieved to find someone from out of town in the area.

Their leader then shouted,

“It’s a hunter. Get in position everyone!”

“Yes, sir!”

The clan members replied and immediately got into position. Dozens of hunters were surrounding Jaehwang and the spirit.

“What’s going on here?”

A hunter said pushing his way through the others to see what was going on. He was wearing an outfit similar to what the Japanese president wore with two black belts around his waist.

“Clan master, these intruders have crossed into our territory...”

“What?”

He said cutting off his sentence. He looked over at Jaehwang and the spirit.

“Who are you? Wow...”

He started off speaking in an angry tone until he saw the spirit’s face and his expression instantly changed.

There were a lot of females on their clan team but it was the first time he had ever seen someone so beautiful. His mouth was basically wide open in shock as he looked at her. He then folded his arms and said to Jaehwang,

“I’m the Sakura clan’s leader. My name is Mishima Yukio and I’m a level five hunter. It is nice to meet you.”

He said while staring at the spirit the entire time.

“What are you two doing here?”

He asked.

Of course Jaehwang and the spirit didn’t look scared at all. Instead they just looked annoyed and a bit confused.

“Say something!”

“Uhh.”

Jaehwang said calmly.

Clearly they weren’t planning on starting any trouble with them but they were only getting more and more annoyed.

“Hm...”

The Sakura clan leader just couldn’t get over how beautiful the spirit was. He couldn’t even bring himself to be rude to them. Then suddenly someone came and said,

“What’s going on here?!”

Said someone pushing their way through the crowd of soldiers.

All of the Sakura clan members were all wearing red uniforms and carrying weapons.

She walked towards the front and looked around. She had long black hair and red lips. Her name was Tsukasa.

“Are you all not doing your job!”

She shouted at the clan leader and the other clan soldiers.

“Tokyo is in danger! This is no time to be slacking off!”

Tsukasa then turned to Jaehwang and said,

“Don’t worry, I’ll help you two.”

Good Men & Good Women, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 199: Good Men & Good Women 2




#1

“You’ve stepped into my territory!”

The Sakura clan master shouted.

He reached for a weapon in his holster around his waist.

Suddenly he became surrounded in red energy light. The energy created a strong shield-like guard in front of him.

“You and your friend have no mercy. But, this is something special...”

He said but Tsukasa then cut him off with a laugh and said,

“Ha, you really think your so powerful...”

Swoosh!

Tsukana then took out her spear and swung it around before stabbing it into the ground in front of her.

“Your talking very confidently...”

“So?”

She replied confidently. He then took a few steps back. He knew how serious she could get.

Jaehwang looked at both of them with still slightly annoyed expression.

-What are those two bickering about...

-I have no idea...

-I think she may be hitting on you. Good job.

-Ha.

Jaehwang replied sarcastically to the spirit.

He then just ignored the two of them bickering and started to walk off.

-Your just going to leave?

-There’s no reason to stay here.

-You can’t leave.

The spirit wanted to stay and watch the drama. The clan leader then pointed towards Jaehwang and shouted,

“Hey! what is he doing!”

“You can’t escape! Stop him!”

The Sakura clan members then tried to keep him from walking off by blocking the path. One even tried to punch him but Jaehwang easily dodged it.

Of course he knew to always be ready for a surprise attack. Jaehwang then grabbed his fist and threw him onto the ground.

Pong...

“Huh? What is he doing?”

“What’s going?”

A few of the clan members mumbled from the crowd.

“Hey! Get up!”

“What are you doing!”

A few of them yelled to the soldier who was just thrown onto the ground. But, the soldier wasn’t responding as he had already fainted. Tsukasa then burst into laughter and said,

“Hahaha, you really can’t get up after that?”

She said to the soldier lying on the floor who then struggled to stand up.

“Stand up straight! Get them!”

She shouted and he and a few other soldiers then instantly stood up straight shaking in fear.

The soldiers then started to surround Jaehwang to attack and keep him from escaping.

“Your gonna pay for that.”

One of the soldiers said grabbing the collar of Jaehwang’s shirt.

It was clear from the beginning that they weren’t weak soldiers at all, they just weren’t as strong as him, which wasn’t a surprising fact. They seemed to be known as the head of the rural area, many of the people of Tokyo escaped to.

However, even they weren’t ready to hunt a fifth or sixth tier monster. They definitely weren’t that powerful or confident enough. Buying the weapons for a monster like those was also very expensive.

They would also be scared if they recognized who Jaehwang was.

Teuteuk... Teuk

Something suddenly shot at them out of nowhere.

They all looked around trying to see where the three shot came from.

The clan master also looked around and shouted,

“Who was that?! Show yourself!”

Of course he didn’t expect it to be Jaehwang who was standing right in front of them when the attack happened. How could they have not seen him? The only way it could be him was if it was his helper who was with him before.

“Impossible. Yamada!”

“What is it?”

Yamada said in reply to his call for help as he slowly walked towards him. All the clan members moved out of the way, making a path for him to walk by.

He was carrying a giant sword on his back. He was quite young, in his mid thirties to be specific. As he walked towards the clan leader the other soldiers had an anxious expression on their faces. Tsukasa saw him and instantly recognized who it was but couldn’t ever imagine seeing him there.

“No way! The Japanese clan, Yamada? Why did you drive all the way out here?!”

“Hm, you seem surprised. I actually didn’t drive out here, I walked.”

He was number one in the Japanese clan until it all ended. He’s a level six hunter, the highest level in the clan.

“You guys can handle it?”

“Of course.”

“Are you sure about that?”

“Well... Sorta...”

The clan leader replied pointing at the spirit.

The moment he called for help she disappeared without anyone noticing making the clan leader look ridiculous.

“First, you need to discipline that ill-mannered child then we can talk.”

Takk! Pongg!

Just as she said that she disappeared from where she was standing. Actually, something attacked her and she flew off so fast it looked as if she disappeared. Yamada then quickly took out his sword and pointed it at Jaehwang shouting,

“Its him! We’re in danger!”

However, Jaehwang just stood there peacefully. He then calmly took a step forward. Jaehwang then took out his sword as well and stabbed him in the stomach.

Swoosh...

Yamada then fell onto the floor holding his stomach in pain. It wasn a fast attack it was just perfect timing so he wasn’t able to defend himself in time.

“This idiot!”

Unfortunately for Jaehwang, Yamada stood back up enduring the pain and he was now angrier than ever. He tried to quickly stab Jaehwang with his sword but was blocked.

With all the tension from their energy their swords began to spark as they hit against each other.

“Hm...”

Jaehwang looked a little confused as neither of them were using any type of skill or energy. He actually hadn’t used any on them yet. He was planning to save for the perfect time if he would need it.

She then took a slight step forward and...

Kwanggg!!!

Like a cannon arrows suddenly started to shoot at him sending Yamada flying into the nearest wall.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

Swoosh...

“Woah...”

All of the other soldiers watched in shock.

They couldn’t believe what they were seeing, it was like a nightmare. How could he fight like that against a level six hunter? It was impossible.

But, the most surprised person was their clan leader, Yukio.

“Wh... W-what was that...”

Who was he to be able to succeed against level six hunter. The highest ranked hunter in the Japanese clan.

Today was the first day that he had seen him fail in a fight before.

Jaehwang then began to walk up to him again. It was time to end this situation so he could finally leave and get back to preparing for his mission.

Whiiiii! Whiiiiii!

Something then came flying by again as a military bus showed up with hunters gathering off of the bus. Just as the military bus opened the Sakura hunters all huddled up into a group protecting themselves as they watched what was going on.

“Nobody move!”

Good Men & Good Women 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 200: Crazy Fan




#1

When they appeared everyone apart of the Sakura team started to feel nervous. They were all in the top five of the best hunters in the Japan National Hunter Association. Although had a very big responsibility to withhold, they kept up their imagine really well for all those years.

Jaehwang watched as he was clueless on what was going on.

“This is really tiring.”

Jaehwang said to himself as he watched.

“Spirit, you can return now.”

-Great.

-Although you’re the one who caused this situation.

-It was hardly my fault.

-Sure.

Jaehwang replied sarcastically. Now Jaehwang had to take care of the mess.

Click click click...

A girl with long black hair walked towards him. She was wearing a pleated skirt and a giant shield with the Japan Nation Hunter Association symbol on it on her back. She was wearing an official Japanese hunter uniform with tall heels. She looked really young, like she was a highschool student. Everyone politely greeted her as she walked by.

“Greetings miss Lia.”

They all said with a polite bow.

She was only 21 years old but already a level six hunter. Her skills were one of the best for someone so young which earned her great respect from Japan. She was very famous in Japan, like an idol. She was also insanely beautiful.

‘Lia’

They all watched in amazement as she walked by.

“Idiots...”

She said quietly but loud enough to be heard.

“He came here to Japan to rescue Tokyo from its misery.”

She said referring to Jaehwang. Another person then walked up to them.

“Miss Lia.”

It was Yamada. He reached out his hand politely to greet her.

He was covered in blood and dirt from the attack.

“Where is that loser.”

She was clearly looking for someone but Jaehwang didn’t think it was him.

“Don’t move!”

“Where is he!”

She shouted while looking around. Someone then yelled,

“They’re all dead!”

Yamada said while flying into the air. After hitting into the wall and now flying into the air his energy was bursting everywhere.

“T-That’s impossible! We came here to stay safe!”

Tsukasa shouted. Obviously they all turned to Lia in that moment as they were concerned about what was happening.

“Quiet, everyone!”

Lia then quickly got an arrow and tried to launch it but it was already too late.

Yamada’s sword reached the ground faster...

Jaehwang quickly got an arrow and threw it at him.

Swoosh!

It was just in time to interrupt his attack.

Pong!

The arrow stabbed into Yamada’s wrist. He then instantly fell the air and back onto the ground. However, unfortunately for him, Jaehwang wasn’t finished yet.

Pong!

“Ahh!”

Pongggg!

Whooosh

The impact from the attack reached every corner of the entire area.

Jaehwang then dusted off his hands as she was now finished.

“Phew”

He then took another look at Yamada and noticed something.

“He’s not dead...”

One of the other hunters then walked up to Jaehwang and said,

“Please... spare him...”

“Why?”

Jaehwan asked him with a sharp stare.

“Y-Your...”

Suddenly, Jaehwang’s hood slightly came off and he saw his face. However, he was so shocked that he could barely talk.

Everyone else was then able to recognize who he was as well.

“N-No way... Is that... Jaehwang?!”

“It can’t be...”

All of their eyes and mouths were wide open in shock.

“How could we have not noticed that it was you this whole time!”

Jaehwang just stood calmly as they all were surprised.

Lia then politely kneeled before him.

“It is an honor to meet you, sir!”

She said to him. Everyone else was too frozen in fright to even move.

Yukio even sat down on the ground as he was so shocked that his mind went blank. He couldn’t think straight at all. Well, there was only one word ringing in his head.

“We’re finished...”

Obviously their skills couldn’t compare to his. Even though they were and entire group and he was just one person, they knew they wouldn’t stand a chance.

The most powerful hunter they have is Lia who is a level 6 hunter.

Jaehwang then looked down at them kneeling and said,

“Stand up.”

“...”

“...If you want use to...”

Lia then began to slowly stand but fell due to a sudden pain in her leg.

She fell right into Jaehwang’s arms and fainted.

Her long black hair fell over his shoulders like a waterfall. But, obviously Jaehwng wasn’t thinking of anything like that.

Pongg! Pong! Pong!

Dozens of flashlights showed up out of nowhere shining in Jaehwang’s face.

-What’s going on?

The spirit asked.

Crash...

#2

After the loud crash there was complete silence. The Sakura clan was joined by the Japan Hunter Association. Before leaving Jaehwang decided to help them a bit by carrying Lia to their next destination.

“W-we’re so sorry for the inconvenience...”

One of the clan members said as Jaehwang sat Lia onto a chair at a table.

“Don’t worry about it.”

Jaehwang replied.

Soon after Lia lost conscious they went to a nearby cafe with the rest of her clan members. After placing her at a table with the other members Jaehwang went to sit alone and ordered an americano shot.

“Looks like your a fan of americanos?”

Lia said. Her Korean was surprisingly good.

“No. I don’t really like them that much.”

Crazy Fan, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 201: Crazy Fan 2




#1

Lia woke up a few minutes after they arrived at the cafe.

-We’ve all gathered here because we’re going to present our skills.

-I see.

The team manager then came up to him and said,

“They have to understand.”

“...”

“Make sure you’re all prepared, let’s finish this as quickly as possible.”

“That’s a lot of pressure.”

Jaehwang replied.

Usually he would thoroughly manage his energy before starting any training. The team manager than smiled and said,

“Don’t worry Jaehwang, you’ll do great no matter what. But no one has to tire themselves out, this is just a short review.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang replied.

It felt a lot like the first time he tested his skills against Gwanjae.

“Anyways, we can do this. They don’t stand a chance against all of us. They may have respect from everyone in each nation but they chase after that. They chase after it so much that it becomes an illusion.”

“An illusion.”

“Yes. but, her and the rest of them are still young. She still has a lot to learn in the hunter world.”

“It’s just an illusion.”

“Usually idol singers are handsome and good singers but a lot of hunters aren’t like that. However, they are certain to get more attention if they have those factors. Having both is what’s really impressive and fortunately she is one who has both. Of course we are stronger than she is but they could clearly put up a good fight.”

“We’re also much older.”

Jaehwang then nodded his head in agreement and replied,

“Yea, I’m pretty sure we’ll be able to handle them. After that we should earn more hunting experience to get closer to a level up.”

“That’s true.”

“You’re only five years older than her but your skills are much more advanced.”

“But, what about your appearance...”

The team manager said.

He then looked up at Jaehwang’s face and shook his head.

“It’ll work.”

“And sure to be nice to them the next time we meet them.”

The team manager said.

#2

“It’s done.”

“Good.”

“Okay. when I first watched the video I wanted to keep doing what we were doing before. Until now it has seemed to have been working fine. I worked really hard to come this far and become a level six hunter.”

Lia said while shooting arrows in her dream as she was still unconscious.

Her shooting gloves were thicker than the ones Jaehwang uses. The palm of her hands were completely unharmed.

However she had been shooting so many arrows that her fingers were a little scratched.

“Watching the monster raid video made me really happy. I didn’t make any mistakes.”

She then faced up towards the roof as her eyes suddenly started to tear up.

They had been sitting in the cafe for two hours so far.

Jaehwang, who was sitting at a nearby table, looked at the clock on the wall and got up from his seat.

“I think it’s time to get up now.”

Jaehwang said to Lia who was still not feeling too well.

“Oh! Is it already time? Sorry. I just wanted to talk some more...”

“Today was fun.”

Jaehwang replied and Lia smiled with her eyes still closed dreaming.

Her other clan members were still waiting for her to come to so they could leave and get back to their tent area.

“Let’s go.”

Jaehwang turned to leave out of the door but Lia stopped him by saying,

“Wait, stay here with me for a little.”

“Uhh...”

Jaehwang said turning around as Lia held onto his sleeve. He looked back at her and her eyes were clear.

“Do you happen to be... dating someone?...”

She said and her face turned red like an apple. Clearly she was very nervous about asking such a question. Jaehwang awkwardly looked around after her question. He wished she wouldn’t have asked him in the cafe.

Obviously he didn’t know what to say in that awkward situation.

“Uh..”

Jaehwang started off saying.

Everyone in the cafe was looking at them waiting for his answer.

“I probably shouldn’t be asking you this.. I’m sorry...”

She was aware that maybe it wasn’t a good time or a good question to ask. But, if she didn’t ask him at that time then she would have never been able to find out the answer.

“No, it’s okay.”

Jaehwang said.

“There is someone.”

“Oh.”

She said seeming disappointed.

“Are you in love with that person?”

She said as if she had to push the words out.

“I don’t know if it’s love but I know that I want to marry this person.”

“I see.”

Lia replied as a tear fell down her face.

She tried her best not to cry but couldn’t hold it in. Jaehwang stood there looking at her not knowing what to do. Of course he didn’t think it wasn’t much of a big deal but seeing her so upset did make him feel terrible. Lia then wiped her tears and smiled.

“Thank you.”

“It was nothing.”

“Well... I’ll get going now.”

Jaehwang said and turned away to leave the cafe.

-You shouldn’t have answered her question like that.

The spirit said to Jaehwang. The team manager told him to say that to maintain a good distance from others to maintain professional relationships with people and not get too close to anyone. Until then he didn’t realize how hard it would be to follow through with that not knowing how much it could upset someone.

He felt that he didn’t want to follow that advice anymore.

Instead he wanted to just be honest. Obviously the spirit also knew how he really felt.

-Well, what I said technically wasn’t wrong.

-Yea but... I don’t know I just think it was uncalled for.

-I guess your right.

#2

About an hour later more news spread about Jaehwang. It seemed that the Sakura clan must have said something that definitely didn’t help give him a good reputation.

“This imagine is definitely going to need some fixing.”

Rumi said. She seemed to not be feeling so good about the news.

“It’s not just a bad article but its just...”

While he was with the Japanese hunters Jaehwang they must have gotten a photo of him in action. Written at the bottom of the photo in the article included an explanation of the background and there was even a video taken to go with it. However, there were many ripples at the bottom of the photo creating a big impact in the present.

And the article also said that Jaehwang was dating someone. Obviously it wasn’t Lia who told anyone about that, it was someone in the neighborhood he overheard them.

“Jaehwang.”

“Yes, Rumi?”

“This...”

“What is it?”

“Your dating someone?”

Rumi asked nervously.

“Yes.”

“Oh...”

She replied clearly looking upset but Jaehwang just ignored it.

-Wow, you’re such a bad person.

-Be quiet.

“Who is she?”

Rumi asked but decided that maybe it wasn’t a good idea to ask.

“Nevermind, I won’t invade your privacy.”

“Yea and I hope all this work your doing doesn’t interfere with you relationship. It can be hard to date when your so busy all the time...”

“It’s fine. She’s stronger than anyone I know. She’s spending her time eating a lot and taking care of herself.”

-What! Eating a lot?! I don’t eat that much.

-Your still eating orders you got from the cafe.

-I’m just saving them.

-There’s no need to get some to save. But, at least they’re making you stronger.

-Whatever.

She said ending the conversation.

“It is kind of surprising.”

Crazy Fan 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 202: Japan’s Secret Design




#1

The next morning they reviewed the plan and Jaehwang found new information. It wasn’t just something new. What many monster scholars said was right. Even the monsters had to avoid the black liquid because it was so dangerous. Although just ten meters away from it was the monsters territory.

“From now on we’ll call it the kryp.”

“Alright.”

They decided to call the black liquid the ‘Kryp’.

“We’re finally able to find the results they were looking for on the monster. It looks like we’ll be able to use the Kryp as a type of defensive substance.”

“How are we going to do that?”

One of the team manager helpers asked.

“First we’re going to have to do more research over there. All I can really say now is that maybe we can find something that’ll piece everything together.”

“We haven’t found anything like that yet?”

“Well we can’t postpone the raid until the analysis is finished.”

The team manager replied and the assistant shrugged his shoulder. Usually when hunters went to hunt monsters there was no turning back, no matter how dangerous it may seem. Without the analysis system they couldn’t reserve any strength prior to the hunt which could turn into a very dangerous situation.

Of course it wasn’t expected to be difficult for Jaehwang no matter what but they were still going through all of the precautions just to be sure.

“Also, the schedule for the airplane to be in the sky in Tokyo is at 12AM this friday.”

The raid management team leader said.

“What?!”

Everyone then said looking at him in surprise.

“Are you serious? I thought it was supposed to be in a small town in Seoul at that time?”

The airplane was taking them to their raid destination but was originally scheduled to land at a later time. Of course they could just take a car but that would take too much time as the roads were filled with refugees trying to escape.

There was only one problem with that approach. Who was going to their supporting air force? Who was their emergency airplane? That was one of the most difficult points in the plan.

“I think there’s a new secret design.”

“There is. It seem that it will affect our plane landing.”

“Isn’t it kind of late to do something like this.”

Rumi asked.

“Exactly! They must have been promised something or is trying to ruin our raid. I’m not sure why but of course this has to have some benefit for them.”

“The media was a bit unapproving of the raid...”

The team management leader said in an angry tone.

“I thought the information on our side was a bit biased?”

Jaehwang asked to Rumi confused as to why Japan would want to ruin their raid.

“Not really. Just like now its something that is considered to be very dangerous so they can’t really let the raid progress.”

If what she was saying was right then the contract was a lie.

“Well then when will the group attack?”

“I’m not even sure if they’re still going to do that. Besides, even if they were to gather everyone over there than they would need a lot of people if they want to be stronger than Jaehwang.”

Rumi said.

“So are they just going to leave the Tokyo refugees like that with no help?”

Jaehwang said.

“It seems so. But other than that, Japan seems to be having good luck.”

Rumi answered calmly.

Jaehwang then tied his arms and started to think.

The monster that they were going to hunt was very strong and the Kryp was still affecting the area so he could understand the worry. But, on the other hand, he couldn’t understand it and wondered why would they just leave those people like that.

Japan had a popularity of hundreds and thousands. If the refugees weren’t able to get a shelter or anything then they could be in danger of the monster. They weren’t even armed or had anything to protect themselves.

The monster research team member mumbled to himself.

“What’s the matter?”

“I heard about the Japanese scholars but things are a little different when you put it with the information from the Japanese government...”

A moment later after he said that Jaehwang’s expression turned slightly more serious. He then looked around at everyone and said,

“Are you serious?”

“Well, I’m not completely sure if my investigation is correct. Of course there could be more to it but we don’t have all of the information. But, I think I’m at least 90 percent correct.

He replied. If what he was saying was right then they wouldn’t be able to do as they planned.

“Gather around. It’s time to get into the plan.”

Jaehwang said.

#2

They were scheduled to arrive on the Japanese government side at 12 midnight. It shouldn’t take long to find what they were looking for. They’ll be unaffected by everything if they do it their way.

“Hello. I am Matsuki Heisuke, a representative of the Japan Ministry of Economy and finance.”

He said politely introducing himself to them. He seemed like a really nice person by the first impression.

However, he also looked a bit strange. He looked like a frozen flower.

CLearly he was there to meet the powerful hunter he’s heard so much about named Jaewhang.

“Nice to meet you.”

“My name is Rumi, I am apart of Jaehwang’s clan team.”

“Take a seat.”

He said guiding her to a seat. He then handed her a refreshment of tea and they began the meeting.

“What kind of work have you come here for?”

“The government has given an important airspace command so I am here to make sure everything will go smoothly.”

“Is there anything you could tell me?”

He asked. Rumi just took a sip of her tea and looked at him coldly.

“Sorry. Even though this is very embarrassing we’re going to sort out the situation with the gate as soon as we can. I wanted to come here and apologize to you about this in person. Even though it’s kind of late. I hope everything with this task will go well in the future.”

He said. Every word he said seemed to be planned and timed...

Rumi just smiled and replied,

“Alright.”

However, she wasn’t done there.

“I feel like I know the Japanese government’s meaning of this but...”

She then got up from her seat as if she was about to leave.

The representative then quickly replied saying,

“I will give a proposal to the Japanese Government about this mission.”

He said but Rumi didn’t look too happy.

“Can they just give up a loan for it?”

She asked.

“I could ask them about that, it should be fine.”

“I don’t know, that leader is too full of himself and what he says. But, he does have an excessive sense of identity, Right...?”

Rumi said.

The representative thought about what he would have to do to start the conversation and what he would have to say to make him agree. But, of course, he couldn’t think of anything to say.

“I’ll do the best I can to get his approval.”

He said.

Rumi then sat back down into her seat.

“I’m listening. But I will not be giving out any secret information from my side.”

The representative then replied,

“Understood. I will only be telling information regarding the gate in Japan and the raid to fix it.”

He said and Rumi nodded her head in agreement.

Al though he knew there were lots of monsters inside of the gate, it was more important that they took care of the Kryp before anything else.

“It shouldn’t be hard to convince them. They’ll only need one month. We won’t have to stay here. Of course the media won’t understand what’s going on and may make false reports but in a month everything will make sense to everyone. I can get you a loan from the government to prepare.”

He assured. He offered a pretty high loan that was perfect for them.

Jaehwang also needed an apartment. A place he could live where he could still easily access a wormhole and go to fight off monsters.

An apartment like that would be sold at a premium price so that would also be enough to afford the apartment.

The representative then took out a document and handed it to Rumi.

“Currently, the Japanese government has faced a dead end. After trying to fix the situation with this monster and the gate the restoration expenses have gone through the roof and it’ll be hard to pay for the repairs.”

“I understand. The costs for the damage and the insurance for the people must be very expensive.”

Rumi replied.

“Yes. things have especially been going downhill since the Japanese clan has ended. And to make matters even worse, the gate incident happened in the same area as the Japanese clan’s clan house...”

The representative complained.

The Japanese government have been doing their best to sort everything out but there were too many problems to handle at once.

“I understand it must be difficult. There’s just one thing I want to ask you... After the incident the people of Tokyo lost their job and their house so will they get the support that they need for now? Or will they be used a sacrifices?”

“Of course...”

“This is a serious situation, not a game.”

Rumi said as if she was warning him.

The representative took a moment to think before responding.

‘Could she have any better ideas.’

He thought to himself. There was no better option to go with to help them and everyone else. They didn’t want to make any empty promises.

“The compensation will be enough.”

The representative said. Of course that decision wasn’t his to make but Rumi agreed. She then took a deep breath and said,

“I’m sorry.”

“Why?”

The representative asked in reply.

“We’re getting prepared for the evacuation.”

“Huh?!”

He replied as he had completely forgotten about that.

“What are you talking about?!”

“I could have a meeting tomorrow with my team and go over this. I want to let Jaehwang know what’s going on...”

“What will you do about Tokyo?...”

The representative asked.

“Huh? Why do you ask?”

Rumi asked calmly.

“I’ll talk to the head of the Japanese government and see if there’s anything else we can do.”

“So you’re going to tell him all of Jaehwang’s suggestions? Or are you just trying to use Jaehwang’s name to cut down the compensation?”

Rumi asked.

Japan’s Secret Design, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 203: Japan’s Secret Design 2




#1

“We can’t count on the Japanese government in this situation. The best thing for us to do is to go through with the raid. Besides, a sudden change could ruin the wavelengths of everything,” the representative explained.

“Really? That seems fun. I was thinking something a little different,” Rumi replied as she took out her tablet and handed it to him. When he turned on the tablet, a video showed up about the effects of their current situation.

In the video, they explained a much different outcome than he had explained. The gate incident was used for businesses so they could earn more money from their insurance towards the city. They even explained how things could advance while involving other people of Japan.

“Isn’t this what I was saying. Don’t try to cover up information that already we know.”

“How did you...”

“There’s no need to worry about that,” Rumi said. It was a video taken by Jaehwang. After the morning meeting ended, they got everything they recorded and watched it over to see if they got anything interesting and clearly, they did.

There was nothing that they could hide from them. In the past, the Daehyeong group suffered from an incident in their secret underground lab but there were no tracks left behind for them to ever find out who was responsible for it. Even the CCTV cameras didn’t catch Jaehwang.

Getting that meeting on film was nothing compared to that.

“But how? This video is filmed perfectly...”

“W-What is it that you want?” The representative asked nervously. If they had that video, he knew that they must know more. They tried their best to keep all of their information as top secret as possible.

“What do we want? Hm... How about everyone in that video stepping down from their positions? Rumi asked.

“Are you looking down on the Japanese government? How about we just forget about the video and leave it at that. We could also involve the citizens in some matters.”

Rumi looked unsatisfied.

“Do you take my words as a joke? We can do the best that we could but there isn’t much that we could do after we solidify our plan.”

“...”

“Do you think that we just want to expose everything to the media? Is that what you want us to do?” He asked.

“Will they hand it over?” She said, asking about their secret data and his answer was just what she wanted to hear.

“Your imagination seems lacking. Do you think we could do that? If I have this then the National Hunter Association would rather just erase Japan... They could request a level seven hunter to preserve the gate and what are we supposed to do then? Do you know why the Japanese hunters could be expelled from the National Hunter Association?” He said. The representative was sweating nervously. He was worried about what would happen to the Japanese hunters as their raids continue to what he calls the dark age. “What do you want?”

“To fix this situation.”

“Do you really think you can do that?!” He couldn’t imagine leaving such a serious situation to them. A foreigner helping them would not be good for Japan’s reputation.

“I wouldn’t suggest that...” the representative said.

“Hmm. Well, if we could get permission from Japan’s prime minister then everything should be fine. If we let things go like this, there won’t be a very good outcome anyways...”

“And because of that you’re going to demand us some authority? We still have to do what we can to protect our reputation. Having A level 9 hunter help us would be a terrible decision.”

“A plan...” Rumi said and the representative began to worry.

“If we agree to that then will you really erase that video?” He couldn’t let the video to spread through the public.Rumi then nodded her head in agreement but he wasn’t convinced.

“You probably think that you can’t trust us. In the past, Korea has kept a lot of secrets for your government so don’t worry,” Rumi said. The representative then took a moment to think before replying,

“Alright. When I go back I’ll tell him about it after the meeting.”

“Great. Also, I hope you aren’t thinking of lying about this or anything. We’re always prepared for anything,” Rumi said as she took back her tablet.

The representative then looked at the tablet, thinking about what else they could have if they had that video.

#2

— Jaehwang, I’ve finished talking with him. The second part of the plan is complete.

“Great, good job.”

— The analysis still isn’t finished yet so you might have to really be sure if you want to go into this monster raid yourself...

Rumi said with a hint of concern in her voice. Jaehwang was planning on going on his own despite the others thinking that it was a bad idea. The representative even implied that it was a bad idea but even so, nothing could stop him once he made his decision.

The raid was starting soon and he still had his mind made up on going. He already got his plan going.

“Trust me.”

— Okay.

Rumi replied to Jaehwang’s simple request.

Rumi wondered if he felt nervous at all despite the fact that he seemed completely fine. Nevertheless, he wasn’t nervous. With the spirit’s magic on his side, he wasn’t worried about anything going wrong.

— Whenever you need anything, Just call us and we’ll help you out.

“Alright.”

— Well, I guess that’s all...

Rumi then ended the call through the headset and Jaehwang then ran as fast as he could. He got onto the helicopter and went on his way towards their raid’s starting point.

But soon before they even reached their destination, they were hit with an attack.

Tak! Taktak!

It looked like something that they had seen before. They looked at their navigation screen and tried to track down where it was coming from.

Suddenly, they heard the sound of a person shortly after that attack was made.

— Lalala! I’m eating alone and resting!

— It’s coming from far away.

— Okay. Could we go back first?

“There’s something that I forgot to do,” Jaehwang said to the spirit. Usually, they would talk to each other all the time but Jaehwang has recently been spending his time talking with Rumi.

— The village is your goal? The village? Your planning to go there?!

— I don’t think that’s a good idea. You need to be very careful.

— Don’t be too over dramatic. It’ll be fine.

— I don’t know...

— I have to do all I can. I’m already disappointed in myself for not being able to help those refugees.

He said and Rumi then thought of all the Refugees of Tokyo.

— I guess you’re right. It’s going to be difficult, but I know you can do it.

She said as she held back her tears as Jaehwang increased his speed.

Before starting the raid, he had to check the top three safe zones he could retreat to for the next two days as he moves his way around the Kryp in the neighborhood. He would get the spirit’s help but he wanted to do this on his own.

— Aren’t there a lot of people left? Do you see anyone around?

— What are they going to think? Of course they all wouldn’t mind going into a bunker if it’s going to save their life.

— I know. I just hope that this plan doesn’t fail so we could save the city.

— Don’t worry, of course it will.

The spirit replied. There were a lot of young boys and girls together with their parents in the city ruins of Tokyo trying to survive. Their entire situation was like a tragic movie but hopefully, they would get themselves a happy ending.

Taktak! Taktak! Tak!

— You have to get there faster.

A few attacks came out of nowhere and landed on the wall near him.

— I don’t have enough to pay for a taxi.

— Just keep running.

#3

Swoosh...

He ran even faster than before and in no time, he could already see the landmark of the place he was going for.

— The kryp is right there.

He was close enough to be able to see the kryp leaking and spilling out of the building. There was a dangerous giant puddle of it on the ground.

“There’s more than I thought it would be.”

There were eighteen monsters swimming in the puddle of the kryp and the other monsters coming out of the gate was covered by it.

— They definitely look scary.

— But we can be scarier.

— Right.

The monster stood in the giant puddle of the Kryp. The monster wasn’t Jaehwang’s only goal. He looked at the monster and asked the spirit,

— What do you think?

— The gate looks very unstable. It’s artificially made, isn’t it?

— Correct.

Japan’s Secret Design 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 204: The Face Off




#1

— Just as I thought.

Jaehwang said as he examined his surroundings. There was only one person he could think of who could create a dimension gate like that.

— It was Baekren. He was there.

— How do you know?

— I can tell. It’s obvious.

Jaehwang said in reply to the spirit.

— Let’s start examining the area.

Jaehwang said to the spirit. They looked at all the destroyed buildings in the area around the kryp. They should have been able to easily track down everything but although the video was detailed, they couldn’t recognize anything.

All of the buildings looked very different from the last time he’s seen them. He could just use a skill to find the right building but they had to be very careful of every little thing so it was best not to use it.

Jaehwang looked around everywhere and suddenly, he saw something that made him stop walking.

“Finally, I’ve found it.” It was something he found while he was in the Alousu. He finally found it.

Jiiik

It was completely black on one side and black tears were dripping from its face. He took a moment to look at it and their eyes had met. It gazed into his eyes as if there was something in them that it could recognize.

.

A strong pulse of energy then slowly began to form around it.

“Something’s there.”

It reached up to rank A without any training needed and suddenly, something happened out of nowhere.

It wasn’t just one of them hiding, there was three of them. They were scattered around the area but it wasn’t just that, he also heard a hiss.

— What’s going on here?

— Wait for it.

Whiiiii

The spirit then flew up into the sky.

— They’re using some kind of search interference spell. There’s five of them here, but I can’t find where they are exactly.

— Alright.

Jaehwang replied. They didn’t have enough time to hang around and find them all. It would be enough if the spirit could maybe cast a spell that would let them go where they needed to go.

— What should we do? I don’t think an attack would help us in any way. What did you mention to me before?

— Get ready for a scary spell.

Jaehwang already explained what’s going to happen to the spirit in advance.

— Got it. But, don’t they know what to prepare for you now?

Jaehwang was in such a rush to get to Baekren but she was right. They saw him fight in the Alousu so he had to think of something else.

— Well...

Jaehwang turned towards where the enemies were.

“It’s time to hunt...”

#2

A guy sat on the sofa while reading a comic. In front of him was a table with a bowl of ramen on it and a bowl of fruit next to it. It seemed that he had been sitting there for some time.

‘When will he get up and do something besides sitting down and reading comics all day!?’ A lady said in her head as she looked at him.

“Baekren!” She shouted.

“Ugh! I’m so stiff.” He said as soon as he stood up from his chair. He took a sip from the drink that he had on the table after he stretched his shoulders. “There’s nothing in the fridge.”

“He’s here.”

“I know,” he replied calmly. He had already used a lot of search spells to make sure that he would know if there’s a visitor.

“But, that guy is also searching for you.”

“I know but, I’m not worried ” Baekren replied. He looked at the palm of his hands that covered in black liquid. He then went to the restroom and washed it off with water.

“I’m so hungry.”

“What should I do? I don’t think I have to worry about that person interfering with anything any time soon. Right? He doesn’t stand a chance against a 9th tier monster.”

“But, I should prepare just in case,” He picked up the cup of ramen noodles on the table to take a bite.

“It shouldn’t be too hard to defeat him anyway...”

‘But, I still need to be careful though. You never know what they have planned as well.’ Baekren said to himself. He then picked up the comic once again.

“These comics may seem worthless but the inside of them lies something very interesting. It’s one of the best inventions made by humans. Even if it’s not much,” he said as he flipped through the pages of the comic.

“Also, it serves as a good inspiration. I think I know just the spell to use right now.” Just then, red energy began to gather around his hands.

He closed his eyes and started to cast a spell... A moment later, he opened his eyes and looked at the palm of his hands.

“Cool,” He said.

“I hear that this hunter guy is something special. I’ll definitely have to take that into consideration... This is going to be interesting.”

“You’re going to have to use a really effective spell in order to deal with him.”

“Yea but I don’t think that’ll be too difficult. ”

“Maybe not,” the voice in his head replied.

#3

As if Jaehwang was reading Baekren’s movements, Baekrean read his moves very thoroughly.

Jaehwang wasn’t going as slow as he expected. He made it past his first decoy and continued on his way to find Baekren.

There was one mistake that Baekren made. He didn’t properly predict the time of Jaehwang’s raid. Baekren thought that is was going on continuously every day but, it seemed that that wasn’t the case. Although he had a sixth tier monster around him, he had some seventh tier monster lying around the kryp in case something happens.

Obviously, Jaehwang planned out every detail of this mission down to the very second. While Baekren was distracted, something flew past him out of nowhere.

Whoosh...

It was Jaehwang. He finally found him.

‘Strong Arrow’

Ponggg!

There was a loud sonic boom as the arrow crashed into something, causing lots of smoke to surround the area. He only launched one arrow but it was more than enough to cause a scene. He thought that that was over but of course, Jaehwang launched a whole lot more towards him.

Swoosh... Swoosh....

The arrows flew by, leaving a trail of blue energy as they pierced through the monster around him.

— Looks like it’s working.

One of the monsters seemed to be completely done. It didn’t stand a chance against Jaehwang’s arrows.

“Great. Now we only have two days.”

Swoosh... Pongg!!!

Another arrow flew up into the air and exploded into more arrows.

“Unbelievable...” Baekren said as he watched him. According to his research, he was thinking that they have three more days left.

“Darn it. Looks like I don’t have any time to relax.”

The Face Off, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 205: The Face Off 2




#1

The history of the past 60 years of the generation mashup has seem to have been the cause for all the monsters suddenly showing up everywhere. Very strong monsters have been showing up causing great danger to people.

However, the research scholars soon discovered new information.

They were goblins.

The monsters that were responsible for killing the most humans were goblins. Goblins were surprisingly very powerful. Even monsters couldn’t stand a chance against them. But, they mostly only targeted humans.

But why is that?

The first is because the goblins is very scared.

Researchers found that they had a special instinct to detect danger so that’s why they prefered to stay away from monsters. However, the goblin knew the humans were a lot weaker than them.

The second reason was because they were very weak. Even if they’re young the goblin can’t do much to defeat a monster. Monsters are clearly much stronger compared to a goblin. They also knew it was best to hide when the hunting started. Usually they had sacrifices for the hunters so the others could get away.

And the third reason is that they’re weak because their propagation is said to threatened when they’re attacked. So because of that, they had to work hard to protect themselves when danger shows up.

Kwang kwang kwang...

After the gigantic sonic boom caused by an attacked, the Krypt began to explode and spread all over Tokyo. Even all of the monsters nearby were badly affected. Jaehwang’s was luckily going just as he expected.

Greuugg! Ggreuggh! Kwang!

A building collapsed and fell onto some of the monsters. Immediately a monster then jumped on top of the building looking for Jaehwang to attack him.

“Great.”

Jaehwang said to himself seeing his targets out in the open making things easier for him.

Causing the Krypt to explode everywhere was part of his plan. Of course that meant it could be easier for the enemies to attack him as well but he had everything planned to work out in his favor.

Thirty minutes after the first hunt started the number of monsters were already starting to go down.

-Looks like it’s a windfall.

-Yea.

Jaehwang started with fighting off a crowd off 17-20,000 monsters but the numbers had already gone down to just hundreds only three hours into the hunt. Hopefully after the raid he would be able even closer to or achieve rank A. although the most powerful monsters there were tier seventh and the highest monster he’s hunted was a 9th tier, he still needed more hunting experience for his rank to go up.

-You have to move slowly.

A building that Jaehwang happen to be standing on was at risk of collapsing so he quickly moved to the rooftop of a different building. He then immediately started to attack again.

Ponggg!

Swoosh!

One of the arrows shot into the head of a monster causing it to become even angrier.

Kwanggg!

Luckily the blast didn’t even cause the building to shake.

-This is a pretty sturdy building.

-A lot of Buildings in Japan are the most well structured and strong buildings.

The spirit replied before Jaehwang began shooting arrows again.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwangg!

Ggrreughh! Greuugg!

The monster roared in pain before collapsing.

Teuugg!

Clouds of dust spread everywhere after the monster collapsed onto the ground and died a few seconds later.

Another monster then head-butted the building Jaehwang was standing on to try to get to him.

-Looks like they’re listening to orders from Baekren.

Jaehwang watched the monster die form where he was standing. The Krypt was still leaking at the gate.

“They’re still coming.”

Jaehwang said looked down onto the ground.

Dozens more of monsters were continuously coming through the gate.

Teughh! Teughh!

-It’s like you’re shouting to die.

-I need them to come at me.

Jaehwang said with a smile on his face.

More and more monsters began to come out of the gate. Soon the place was filled with monsters again. Jaehwang then made his way to another building while still shooting arrows as he went.

#2

There was someone watching Jaehwang.

-How can he do that.

-...

-You really didn’t expect this to happen?

-Of course not.

Baekren said watching Jaehwang with an angry look on his face.

Jaehwang’s hunt had been going on for two days so far. During those two days Baekren didn’t expect Jaehwang to be able to keep it up.

-Looks like we’re going to have to do something else.

-Agreed.

Although they were strong they could admit that Jaehwang was a very challenging competitor. They were impressed as they watched him over the past two days.

He was obviously very strong and seemed to only be becoming stronger.

-Looks like he’s been making progress.

He said referring to the broken parts of the gate.

-He’s crazy.

-Yea.

Baekren then started to doubt that he could succeed this time.

Of course he knew that it was going to be difficult from the start but he never imagined anything like that.

Jaehwang was already a top ranked hunter but he wasn’t even done improving yet.

“He’s at level six of rank A.”

Baekren said to himself as he watched.

Jaehwang’s strength has improved a lot since the beginning of the raid. In fact, he was improving faster than the usual hunter improvement pace.

Deukkk... Teukk...

Arrows were continuously flying through the air successfully taking out the monsters.

“We have to do something else.”

Jaehwang said.

“No way, is it the end?”

Jaehwang asked as if he thought he would never be done fighting off monsters. His main goal through all of this was to be able to get closer to leveling up.

Swoosh...

Behind him was the Krypt that had a hole in it. It seems that there weren’t just monsters on the surface coming out by their own choice, but underneath there were even more stacked up like a giant mountain. Many monsters had disappeared over the past two days but there were still many left over. Jaehwang continued to launch arrows but many of the monsters were dodging them successfully.

“Try shooting a little more at a time.”

“Hmm...”

Jaehwang then took a moment to think as he looked at all of the monsters. His energy then began to decline.

-What are you doing?

The spirit asked.

-Enjoying it. I don’t know what will happen in the future.

Jaehwang replied after sitting.

-Ugh! I can’t think about that. Of course I can do a good job handling this.

-Of course. Look at how far you’ve come already.

The spirit replied.

-Are you tired? You may have to take a rest before finishing the raid.

-Yea. I think that might be a good idea.

From everything that Baekren has seen, he didn’t see Jaehwang as a human. Therefore, seeing him tired was something he could never imagine after seeing him fight off all of those monsters.

-He’s going to be so confused and thing your just luring him into some kind of trap.

The voice said to Baekren.

-What a shame.

-Are you and that guy mutual enemies... How could you two be fighting like this if you’ve never seen his face before.

-It’s fate.

-What fate? It seems that this is just a useless battle.

-... What are you saying.

-Isn’t it obvious? You’re risking your life like this with no real reason...

Baekren then looked at the palmo of his hands.

-My anger covers the earth and the sky.

He said.

The Face Off 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 206: Complete




#1

Baekren lifted the two of his hands up towards the sky.

-It will be frightening... I don’t how we or they will handle this.

Baekren mumbled.

-Sounds like a stupid person’s fate.

-I have a feeling that things will go better for us this time. Sometimes even the best can fall.

Baekren said.

-Worrying is useless. Just keep quiet and watch. You’re about to see why we have nothing to be concerned about. Even if he can’t die, we can weaken him to the brink of death.

-I don’t believe it.

-Wanna bet?

Jiijjiikk...

He moved closer towards the gate and it started to make a strange sound. As he stepped closer what was inside became smaller. However, it didn’t completely disappear by the time he got close to it.

Jiiikk... Jjiiikk...

The noise started to become even louder.

A few moments later he could see something.

Swoosh... Swoosh...

-Oh no, it’s time!

Baekren said realizing Jaehwang was back for revenge. Arrows were flying everywhere. There was no place to hide.

-We have to think of something fast!

Baekren said.

As he looked around noticing all the monsters that were there as well, he realized that there were many that he had never faced before.

‘It’s the meeting place the hunters used to go to through the third earth’s dimension’

‘It’s a segregated place’

In the past the third dimension was completely inaccessible to keep enemies away. However, after it was opened monsters began to find it invade their territory.

After that the dimensions were divided.

The hunters soon set up a base in a dimension in the Alousu. After that they all started going through a gate to get to the Alousu more often.

-They’re powerful enough blocked my spell?

-Obviously.

Jiikkk...

He began to slowly stand.

-If we could get the monsters to focus on him while we cast our spells we could attack him while he’s distracted. This game may be finally coming to an end.

Ddeukkk...

Suddenly A black marble fell and broke into thousands of pieces. As soon as it hit the ground octopus tentacles started to form from the broken pieces. Soon it started to completely form. It looked like a beast kneeling down... When it finally stood up, it was something much more unimaginable. It was almost 80 meters tall. It was easily the biggest monster any of them had ever seen... It’s tentacles were deep black and could even act as armor for the monster.

After it finished completely taking form, its eyes opened widely. It had thirteen eyes... There were six eyes on each side of its face and one big eye in the center.

Jjiikkk... Jjjiiikkk...

Above its eyes grew two horns. Five horns that were 6 meters tall grew from out of its head. Shortly after that its skin started to fizz up. It was starting to grow muscles in its arms.

Gggrrreugghh!!!

The monster roared causing the entire ground to shake.

Even the tall buildings were shaking.

-It’s a tenth tier monster. Looks like he won’t be able to stand a chance against this one. this is going to be interesting.

Baekren said.

Baekren created the monster with a spell as part of his attempt to destroy Jaehwang.

It the first tenth tier monster that had ever been seen on earth. Baekren was one hundred percent comfortable that this would be able to bring him a happy ending in this fight.

Obviously he didn’t think everything through as he was just focused on trying to think of anything that could get rid of Jaehwang.

-But, isn’t that monster going to destroy Tokyo and many other people as well?...

Baekren then immediately stopped what he was doing. He knew that Jaehwang was close by.

But, there was no way he could recognize him. That would ruin everything.

With a spell like this he wouldn’t easily assume he was able to do it.

Baekren reassured himself.

#3

Jaehwang looked at the monster. He then suddenly had a bad feeling about something.

-Jaehwang!!!

Rumi shouted for him through the headset.

“Yes?”

-We’re sending the helicopter now. We have to evacuate as soon as possible! Everything’s getting unexpectedly out of control and we’re not prepared for it!

Rumi said with a worried tone.

The other teammates had been looking out for him from the footage of the drone for the past two days to make sure everything goes fine. Although they had hundreds of soldiers ready it still was clearly not enough to go up against a monster like that. It wasn’t normal for them to evacuate a raid without completely finishing but this time it seemed they had no choice.

Everyone was panicking. Even people outside of Tokyo were evacuating to a safer area.

Before anyone could realize it, Tokyo was completely cleared.

“What are the people going to do here if no one helps?”

-As long as they stay in a safe area then they’ll be fine until it’s taken care of.

Rumi replied trying to convince him to evacuate. She was still traumatized from the experience she had with a monster when she was a kid.

“Rumi.”

-Yes, Jaehwang?

“Don’t we have a plan?”

-What are you saying...

Rumi asked in reply.

By then they had already gone through basically everything on the plan he had gone over with the team. A tenth tier monster appearance was definitely not part of that plan...

They had no plans to continue on in a situation like that. At least that’s what she thought.

Clearly it was much bigger and much stronger than anything they had originally expected. How could they possibly even try fighting such a monster? Fortunately, Jaehwang had the answer to that.

“Didn’t I mention it?”

-Well, yeah but...

“Let’s go with that plan.”

Jaehwang said. Rumi didn’t know what to say. But clearly there was nothing she could say to change his mind anyway.

Did she not know what he meant? Or did she just think it was nonsense? Not at all.

She could hear the confidence in his voice. Therefore she trusted that he would be able to handle a raid with a tenth tier monster.

However, he was still just a level nine hunter so she was a little worried but tried her best to just trust him.

“Bring them back. We’re going to need a lot of soldiers.”

-Yes, Jaehwang.

Rumi replied.

They were about to get into an even more dangerous situation still without the approve of the Nation Hunter Association.

“You said there was only one hour right?”

Jaehwang asked.

-Yes, they’ll be departing in one hour.

Rumi answered.

One hour... There wasn’t much time left for them to finish. That means they would have to work fast.

“They’re done inside, right?”

-Yes... wait, what?!

“We’ll be finished in one hour. It’s time to start the plan. In this plan we’re goin to completely exclude any Japanese references included...”

Jaehwang said in regards of the plan.

“Alright.”

Rumi calmly replied.

“Okay. We only have one chance to do this. There’s no time for any errors.”

-Got it.

Rumi replied. Jaehwang was Japan’s last hope. If him and his team couldn’t do it then the monster would destroy everything.

Complete, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 207: Complete 2




#1

-What a mess.

-Yeah.

Jaehwang said looking at the monster and the ruined city. He wasn’t scared at all. After looking around he stood up from where he was sitting on the building rooftop and stretched.

He then looked at the monster again trying to analyze it.

-Spirit?

-Yes?

-Do you think you could absorb its energy?

-Maybe.

The spirit answered in uncertainty. Trying to absorb the energy from a monster like that was clearly going to be a difficult task.

-So if you can do that then all of its power disappear?

-Not exactly. It would weaken a little but it would still have enough power left to put up a fight. Therefore, it won’t cause much effects to it.

-Alright.

-Why do you ask?

-I just wanted to see if we could get this over with within a short amount of time...

-I see. Well, I guess there’s no guarantee for how long this will take, looks like it’ll be awhile.

-What makes you say that.

-Maybe I’ll be able to cast a spell.

-That could help.

Jaehwang replied.

Clearly they weren’t in for an easy fight. The outcome of the raid was very unpredictable.

Jjjiiikk

He took out an arrow and prepared it for launching.

Before letting go of the string he took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

A few seconds later he then opened his eyes and let go of the string launching dozens of arrows.

Deukkk.... Deukk... Deukk...

The arrows flew through the air at the speed of light.

Jaehwang looked at the monster and began to shoot even faster.

Jiijjjiii... Jjiijjii...

Lights of energy started to form around him. For the past two days on the raid he’s been draining energy causing him to feel a little tired.

-Looks like your gaining a little more power.

The spirit said.

-Yeah. Thank goodness.

Jaehwang replied.

-Good luck.

-Thanks.

The energy surrounding his arms as he launched the arrows.

[Archery Power]

[Overall Strength +10.]

[Energy Power +5000.]

[Energy Recovery Rate +90.]

[Skill Attack Power +100.]

Jaehwang then took a deep breath.

He wasn’t completely sure on how the raid would go but it was time to see.

-Everything will be fine. Just focus.

The spirit reassured him.

All of the energy light surrounded the arrows. When they were in the Alousu the energy would always stop halfway but now it was reaching everywhere.

Whiiiiii...

The energy slowly surrounded him and the arrows. Then, Jaehwang realized something. It wasn’t the same arrows and power that he was using in the Alousu. He was using enough strength but now he was just simply more sincere with his usage of the power.

Whooshhh...

Suddenly, the monster looked over towards Jaehwang.

“Gggreughh...”

It growled as its thirteen eyes focused on him.

Then, in that very moment...

Kwangg kwangg!!!

There was no time to escape.

All of a sudden the monster was charging towards Jaehwang. It’s giant feet stomped onto the ground with every move it made.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!

It was coming closer and closer.

“Woah...”

Jaehwang was shocked but he still wasn’t moving. He actually remained quite peaceful.

Then, it was time to launch the arrows.

Pong!! Pong! Pongg!

He launched the arrows and they quickly went flying towards the monster.

When the monster noticed the arrows coming at it, it was already too late for it to dodge them, but it didn’t need to dodge them. They didn’t cause much effects on the monster. Even for the ones left stuck in its skin, it could hardly feel them.

Jaehwang immediately knew that it wasn’t going to be as simple as he thought.

“Ggrreughh!!”

The monster roared after the arrows hit it.

Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!!!

It then took a few steps back.

All of the arrows were stuck in its head.

“Ggreugh?”

It was able to withstand the pain until, the monster then suddenly started to feel weaker and weaker as the seconds passed.

#2

Just as Jaehwang planned. The energy that were on the arrows were sinking into the monster.

Takk!

Jaehwang attacked the monster again this time all of the impact of the arrow caused a building to collapse and the pieces flew everywhere. After that Jaehwang didn’t need to do any other attack. He was finished.

Kwangg! Kwang!! Kwang!

The monster fell onto the ground and the pieces of the building fell down on it.

Everything was then... Silent...

It was hard for anyone to believe that the monster was really dead already.

-T-That...

Baekren was speechless after watching what just happened.

It was like a moving ending. Unbelievable.

Gggrreuugghh!!!

Suddenly the giant mountain of the collapsed building began to move.

Baekren look relieved and overjoyed as it seemed the monster was in fact, still alive.

-Sir.

-...

-This has to be a dream. It looks like the monster is not planning on going after the enemy...

-Nonsense!

Baekren replied. He then took a look around.

-Where did it go?

-I don’t know...

-Darn it, I must have miscalculated

-You should be careful.

-Why do you say that?

-That guy doesn’t even know how strong I am. He doesn’t stand a chance no matter what. SO far he’s doing pretty good but still, it’s not going to be enough.

-But, do you even know how strong he is?

-No...

-Look at him.

Baekren said as he looked at Jaehwang. Their eyes met.

-Unbelievable...

He then realized something. This must have been apart of his plan...

He seemed to be confident in something. What could he have done? A shiver then went down Baekren’s spine.

-Spirit? Is everything working out well.

-Looks like it.

The spirit replied.

All traces of the spell had disappeared. Except, there was one that still remained.

Complete 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 208: Foul Play!




#1

They saw a message on the monitor.

‘Those who give love receive a big reward in return.’

Although he didn’t have any love to give Jaehwang didn’t forget to repay whatever he could. He could already predict what the gift would be.

Hundreds of monsters and a sixth tier monster? A job like this would be close to impossible for anyone else.

It was a very challenging situation so Jaehwang had to be very careful. He wasn’t tired yet but things were only getting harder.

He also found where Baekren was hiding but he hadn’t gone to get him just yet. Instead he chose to wait a little.

“Rumi.”

He said through the headset.

-Yes? You’ve been doing great so far!

Rumi replied in a bit of a shaky voice. Everyone seemed to be cheering in delight. Obviously they saw what happened to the monster.

She knew that Jaehwang could do it but something still didn’t seem right. Jaehwang seemed to be alright but it was strange that it was so easy to defeat the monster.

However, the entire battle was recorded for everyone to see as proof it was over.

It was like a miracle. The raid was finished. He finished it on his own.

-Let’s move onto the second part of the plan. Are you ready?

Jaehwang suggestd and Rumi then reply with a bit of uncertainty.

-I’m ready.

Jaehwang then smiled.

Even he couldn’t fully believe what just happened but he was thankful that everything was going great.

“Should we start right away?”

-Let’s wait 1 to 2 minutes. That should be the best time.

“Okay.”

Jaehwang then sat down and relaxed on a bench on the rooftop. There was also a small table in front of it with a few other chairs on the other side of it.

He could really use something to drink but there wasn’t anything around.

Then he decided to take out his tablet and check up on a few things.

“This is where we start.”

Jaehwang said pointing at a destination on the screen.

#2

-What the heck is that guy doing?

With a spell Baekren cast he was able to see what Jaehwang was doing. There was something strange going. All he saw was him sitting on a bench and looking at his tablet.

-What is he doing?

-I have no idea...

The spirit in Baekren’s head replied.

-Maybe he can sense us watching him.

Maybe he did know Baekren was watching him.

He could have caught up to their plan and and planning a counter attack.

-He probably knows about our hiding skill...

Baekren suggested. He was afraid of what Jaehwang could have planned if he knew what he was up to. His plan was to cast a spell to make the monster to either destroy Jaehwang or make him run away. However, clearly that did not work.

-I don’t have a good feeling about this. I think we should retreat...

-I can’t do that.

Baekren replied.

-You could get seriously hurt.

-I have t do whatever I can to catch him.

Baekren said with determination.

It was clear that Jaehwang was stronger than him. The only way for him to succeed was to come up with a plan to out smart him.

Baekren pointed a finger at Jaehwang as if he was about to cast a spell.

-It’s clear that his arrows are very dangerous. Maybe I can use a spell to prevent him from being able to use his skills. This is the perfect opportunity.

-Yes. I guess so...

The spirit in his head replied nervously.

It would definitely be a lot easier for him if Jaehwang’s skills were out of the way. However, if he thought doing something like that would be easy then he was terribly misjudging.

-We don’t have much time. We have to hurry.

-Alright.

Baekren quickly got started. Energy began to appear around him as he started to cast the spell.

Soon there was a giant circle around him.

The circle stretch up to ten kilometers away. As everything started to come together Baekren began to look a bit scared.

“...”

His forehead became drenched in sweat. The spell was on its last few steps... It ended up attacking in a completely unplanned area.

Kwanggg!

There was a gigantic explosion causing the nearby buildings to shake.

It looked like the spell was being blocked from reaching its intended destination.

“What’s going on here!”

“I didn’t get him!”

Baekren shouted as he noticed the spell wasn’t reaching Jaehwang. He wasn’t even moving out of the way. The attack wasn’t even over yet.

Kwang! Kwanggg! Kwang!

This time the explosion was even bigger.

“It’s an explosion!”

“What?”

#3

Sparks of fire were falling from the sky igniting the fires made from the explosions. The city was even starting to burn down.

-This seems to be working but a little gun power would work out better.

Jaehwang finished preparing for the solo raid and everything was going just as he planned. Gwanjae even helped him by letting them use a bigger helicopter and a high power machine gun.

Jaehwang used his tablet to find where the bombs were coming from and aimed the gun in that direction.

After checking over all of the information he reported everything back to Rumi.

-Looks like fun.

-This is a dangerous weapon.

-Can I try? Just this once?

The spirit asked. Jaehwang then signed and let her take control of the tablet.

-Be careful with that.

-Don’t worry, I got this.

She replied.

The spirit then quickly moved her fingers across the tablet and within a few seconds later she had a target set for the machine gun.

-How’s that?

-You found the target already?

Jaehwang asked in reply.

The gun was loaded and ready to shoot. It was an advanced machine gun that could shoot dozens of bullets within seconds.

-Yep.

-Wow.

Jaehwang said in amazement.

They shot the machine gun and then a circle opaque appeared in between two buildings.

Everytime the gun shot a bullet the ground would shake a little.

-It’s holding up well. But that doesn’t matter.

Jaehwang said looking at the direction the bullets fired at. It wasn’t in Beakren’s direction. His true goal was to examine the energy near Baekren.

Baekren was doing a very great job hiding but the spirit was able to find out a few things. In that moment Rumi then spoke through the headset.

-Jaehwang. The supporting team is here.

“The supporting team?”

Jaehwang asked in reply. He wasn’t expecting any supporting team this time.

-To catch the Bileons coming your way they’re going to help so you can keep focusing on the normal plan with no interruptions. Is that okay?

-Yea, sure.

Jaehwang replied. His only focus was on Baekren and understanding his spell.

“Do you think we can do something now?”

-We’re going to need a lot more bullets loaded up into the gun to do any real damage.

“Understood.”

He replied. Ten minutes later the attack chaos stopped. Everything was calm for a moment... however, that silence soon broke with a big surprise. There was a dark point that appeared behind him. It seemed to be coming at him at a slow pace but within a second it right in front of his face. A second later there was a huge explosion.

Kwangg!!! Kwang!

The explosion was so big that it reached high up into the sky. Even Jaehwang could feel the effects of the explosion. A cloud of thick dust filled the area.

“He can’t be dead.”

Foul Play! The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 209: Baekren’s Emergency




#1

Baekren felt a little afraid for the first time in a while.

The place was lighting up in orange light due to the affects of the fire.

“Wheu...”

Baekren then sat down onto the ground.

It was a very deadly explosion.

He thought Jaehwang would’ve easily been able to block it.

Obviously it was quite hard for him to really believe it knowing Jaehwang was a sneaky hunter.

He knew that he couldn’t have been defeated that easily.

-It’s time.

-Alright.

Baekren just then realized how much he didn’t know about Jaehwang.

Jaehwang knew about the spell so would clearly know how to counter it. He had an entirely different plan in his mind.

‘It was a bomb...’

It felt a cheat attack.

-I can do something like that too.

-Are you thinking of doing it yourself?

-Yes.

Baekren replied.

He turned around and took out his sword.

Magic sword- Special Rank Artifact

Successor: Baekren

Skill Strength: 1000% Increase

Shielding Skills: 200% Increase.

Special Skill

Strength (S Strength)

Destruction (S Strength)

Energy consumption (Cool time: Ten days)

Although Jaehwang was powerful Baekren was clearly a very powerful opponent. Both of them could put up a good fight, therefore it was no telling how this fight would end.

Baekren’s face looked like he was only in his mid twenties but he was actually 83 years old. Obviously over the years he had lots of experience in battles and fighting monsters. He even collected lots of powerful weapons over the years.

In one hand was his sword and in the other was his amulet.

“Let’s do this...”

Whoosh...

The amulet lit up in blue energy light that surrounded Jaehwang.

The energy traveled through him awakening his consciousness. Suddenly he was awaken and immediately was focused on his one goal.

His teeth chattered as his body felt as if it was frozen in ice as a cold energy consumed him.

Although this had happened to him a few times before he could never get used to it... especially because he was much older now.

-I-It’s time...

He said with a voice that sounded like an evil demon.

-It’s been a while, sir.

-It’s good to be back. Where is that rat?

-Over there.

-That? I can handle him.

-Great.

After using the power of the amulet to bring out the evil inside of him he was ready to go after Jaehwang.

-He’s a very powerful person.

Baekren said.

-I’m gonna have to plan this just right.

Although the amulet has taking control of him Baekren was still present in his consciousness. He shook in fear just thinking of what kind of plan the amulet could think of.

-I will help in any way possible.

Baekren said.

-Good. We’re going to need a spell that he can’t escape. Call me again.

“Wheu”

Baekren took a deep breath and got ahold of himself. The amulet wasn’t able to use the magic sword. Only Baekren was capable of using its power.

Whoosh...

After he took a moment to focus a sack appeared in front of him. It was another special artifact to use with his magic sword.

“It’s not going to be easy to kill him.”

Baekren said as he looked at the building rooftop that Jaehwang was on. It clearly wasn’t going to be an easy battle.

“You have to do this.”

His skill meter dropped but he was still strong enough to compete against Jaehwang so that wasn’t anything to worry about.

Baekren’s hands were shaking at the thought of facing Jaehwang. Things in his life were going slow at the moment but after 60 years it was kind of nice to meet another person.

He was staring at him with a bit of an insane look in his eyes.

Whoosh!

He through the amulet into the sky and caught it in his hand.

“It’s time”

Ponggg!

A smile then spread across Beakren’s face.

“Let’s go!”

He shouted.

#2

-Where is he going?

Jaehwang asked watching Baekren.

-I’m not sure. I guess we’ll see.

The spirit said in reply to Jaehwang.

-I’m going to go see.

-Be careful.

-I know.

Jaehwang replied.

He made sure to hide so he wouldn’t be seen by Baekren while he was following him...

Later he saw Baekren meeting with someone.

It wasn’t just anyone he was meeting with, it was his other self.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, something came speeding towards Jaehwang.

Pong! Pongg!

Jaehwang shot a few arrows but that wasn’t enough. The two shadows coming after him quickly dodged them.

“I can’t see what it is.”

Jaehwang said.

He then heard something whisper to him.

“Just die.”

Ponggg!

There was a huge explosion. A red light came beaming down on him. When he looked around there were 300 people near him. The distance between him and them grew bigger as the red light spread and they tried to avoid it. Then, he shot an arrow that hit into one of the 300 soldiers. It landed in the heart of the soldier and then exploded.

Ponggg!

“Ahrgh!”

The soldier shouted in pain before collapsing onto the ground.

Suddenly, out of nowhere the other soldiers then disappeared into thin air.

Jaehwang expected that to happen, he knew exactly what they were.

Kwangg!

He shot an arrow and it stabbed into Baekren.

“It’s gone right through me...”

He then looked up at the sky and saw dozens of arrows flying down towards him.

“Ahhhh!!”

Jiiijjjiiii!

Baekren shouted shaking in fear.

Kwanggg!!

The entire area was covered in arrows. Baekren then looked over towards the place Jaehwang was standing and saw that he was gone.

“He’s more ruthless than I thought.”

Swoosh

A red light then came traveling through the alleyway.

Pongg!

The red beam crashed into Baekren.

‘Ahhhh!”

There was a loud explosion that left a ringing in Baekren’s ears. There was an arrow stuck in his head.

Pongg! Pong!

His protection helped from the arrows a bit but his armor was getting weaker as the arrows kept coming. He didn’t know if he would make it out alive.

-It’s getting too much!

The arrows were exploding creating chaos in the area.

Pong! Pong! Pong!!

The soldiers summoned by Baekren then picked him up to take him to safety.

Baekren’s Emergency, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 210: Baekren’s Emergency 2




#1

“It’s an abyss screen! Look at the traces on the mirror! It was an unnatural death!” Baekren tried to come up with a spell as fast as he could to prevent his attacks. He looked where Jaehwang was located in the abyss screen of the mirror and he found out that he was still in good condition.

Baekren then tried to prepare for his next attack, his only problem, for now, would be Jahewang.

Pongg! Ponggg!

“Ahhh!!” Jaehwang attacked him again before he was able to defend himself. An arrow appeared through the building, it tore through his arm and made it bleed. “Argh! I need to heal myself!”

He began to heal himself but another one came in. He tried to dodge it again but it was too late, it was too strong and he couldn’t stop it from hitting his chest.

— We have to summon the devil!

“We don’t have enough time to summon the demon, he could just attack us again while we’re doing it.”

— We have to do something!

“I can’t let him win!” Baekren didn’t want to give up. He thought that he could destroy Jaehwang, however, things weren’t going too well for them.

Pong!

Another arrow flew his way. “Ugh! He’s trying to kill us!”

— Keep it down!

Said by the voice in his head. He helped Baekren and soon, they were able to take the arrow out of his chest and heal his wounds.

Pong! Pong! Pong!

“Ahh!”

Another arrow stabbed his foot, it now felt impossible to dodge his arrows. “I think I’m going to die!”

Pongg!!!

More arrows came flying their way.

“Arghh!” He tried to defend himself as much as he could but he wasn’t fast enough. Dozens of his arrows came in all at once and Baekren now thought of taking a desperate measure. “That’s it!”

Pongg!!

Suddenly, a trail of light started to shine out of Baekren’s chest. It destroyed a number of arrows coming in their way but some were still far more powerful to escape from.

“Ugh, It’s not enough.” He was running out of options. This fight was starting to seem impossible for him to win.

— We’re running out of ideas.

Baekren had learned many spells but he was still unable to find a way to protect himself during the fight. He had fought against powerful hunters before but during those times, he was able to get close enough to use his sword beside him using difficult spells. This was a situation that he never had to deal with.

“I can’t go out like this,” Baekren said as a blue light shone out of his shoulders, he decided to let himself loose.

“I have an idea.”

— No way! You’re going to use that now?!

The voice in his head shouted in shock. There was one reason why Baekren usually sealed the spirit within him. His spirit was so powerful that his body couldn’t endure it.

“I got this...” His spirit said, taking his sword away from him.

Another set of arrows came by and the spirit used his sword to deflect them easily. Baekren watched him do it and said, “This is how a real pro does it...”

The sword grew longer with every move. He still continued to fight off every arrow that came in his way but with even more ease; he didn’t even have to try at this point.

The arrows went flying into the sky as he hit them away.

“This is going great,” he said but unfortunately, he spoke too soon. The power of the arrows soon started to wear out the sword, causing it to become weaker and weaker.

“Something’s not right...”

Pangg!!

He swung his sword, summoning a blue explosion that made the arrows disappear. A few seconds of silence then came.

“This sword really is strong.”

— I think we can finish them with this.

“What?!” Baekren shouted in anger.

— Haha, am I wrong? This is going to be a piece of cake.

There was nothing Baekren could do to stop him but everything could easily backfire on them.

— Baekren, we have to do what we can so just help me out here, okay?

The spirit said while putting the sword over his shoulder.

“I guess so...”

“Good...”

They could no longer find Jaehwang. Baekren was going to use a detecting spell but they weren’t strong enough against Jaehwang’s power. They needed a better plan.

Baekren then suddenly smirked and said, “There.”

#2

— Their energy level is getting stronger!

“I see.” Jaehwang then stopped his attack.

He felt uneasy. The spirit saw Baekren with his sword but he seemed like a completely different person. All of his arrows were thrown just as he had intended but now, he felt like he had lost the strength to move on. Everything somehow felt different all of a sudden. He wasn’t really worried about anything but he just wasn’t feeling like himself.

But that wasn’t his only problem.

He was using a new technique. It felt so unusual to him but he decided to just continue like usual.

Swoosh... Pong!

The arrow went flying into the air and he stepped back to watch it fly.

It made no noise as it flew and a few moments later, the arrow reached its destination and exploded. The enemy watched in awe as that was undeniably the strongest attack made by Jaehwang so far.

Kwanggg!

— Be careful!

The spirit said to Jaehwang.

Kwang kwang!!!

The arrowed crashed onto the wall, it caused a huge explosion and suddenly, Jaehwang felt something in his chest.

— Someone’s attacking us!

Panggg!

He tried to shoot an arrow towards it but they were too fast.

“It’s him and he has his sword!”

— What do we do?!

They had an exchange for about 12 times until he stopped. Jaehwang suffered a few wounds that made him kneel in pain. He could have healed himself but it looked like it needs more.

“I think I have an idea.”

— What is it?

“Well, first we would have to-”

— Look out!

Pang!!

— Looks like we’re going to have to think fast.

The attacks continued to come their way. Things were getting even more intense and Jaehwang couldn’t even move during all of those attacks. Clearly, the enemy had modified their attack technique after observing his.

“We can’t continue on like this,” Jaehwang said with an annoyed tone. He then pressed the button on his headset.

“Rumi, we need a new coordinate system.”

— On it!

“Is it possible for you to open fire at this monster?”

Rumi then quickly checked the panel and replied,

— It will cause strong explosions. I’ll prepare the armor.

“Great.”

Baekren’s Emergency 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 211: Baekren’s Emergency 3




#1

Jaehwang ran and began his attack despite him still suffering in his wounds from Baekren’s sword.

Thankfully the wounds were already almost all healed and he was getting ready for a counterattack.

— Do we have something that’s stronger than that?

The spirit asked and Jaehwang smiled. He had something in mind, although it was something that he really needed to consider.

“I think after this I’ll be able to go up a rank,” Jaehwang said.

— Really?

“Yes.”

His experience had increased by a considerable amount after the fight that he had earlier. The faster he could finish a monster in a raid, the faster it would increase.

And now, all he had to do was finish his fight with Baekren to officially attain a higher rank.

“Spirit!”

— What is it?

“Could you help me out by improving the impact of my arrows?”

— Are you sure that won’t be too much?

The spirit asked. They had to be careful of using both of their skills at the same time since she wasn’t sure if Jaehwang could handle it. She was much stronger now compared to before so their attack might be more powerful than what he had assumed.

“It’s fine, everything will go just as planned.”

— I guess so.

The spirit replied and turned to Baekren.

“We can do this,” Jaehwang said.

#2

Jjjiiijj... Jiiijjji

The sunlight beamed onto him.

“How much longer will this go on?” Baekren complained as he was doing his best to defend himself from an opponent too powerful for them to defeat. The fight continued on and on, it felt like forever.

“The scent of the world burning. Haven’t smelled that in a while.” He closed his eyes as he stood in the heat of the sunlight. His sword was still in his hand as he blocked Jaehwang’s arrows at the same time. It was amazing.

Baekren then spoke with a bitter tone.

— Hey?

— What is it?

The spirit in his head replied.

— We can’t be off our guard for even a second.

Baekren said and the spirit just smiled, he had something in mind that could help them.

— Do you have an idea in mind?

The spirit asked. Baekren was still looking up into the sky, he had something in mind but he wasn’t sure if they were ready to do that kind of attack. They didn’t have many options to choose from but both of them knew that they were fighting battle they would surely lose. They had no time to lose and both of them knew that they had to do something.

It felt like they were climbing a towering mountain and they’re stuck on choosing a single road among the others to lead themselves to victory. He was willing to try it despite its risks.

— I have no doubt about this...

— Are you sure? I’m not even sure if this is a good idea. I don’t think you’re ready for it.

The spirit said. Baekren then stopped for a moment to think. It was true that it was an attack that could leave him powerless for a moment and that wouldn’t be safe during a fight.

— You don’t want to help me?

— That’s not it. We should just be careful and really think this through. We can’t deal with anything going wrong anymore...

— Hhhmmm.

The spirit mumbled. Baekren and the spirit had traveled and gotten into countless battles for years so neither of them was unaware of what could be off-limits or too dangerous.

— I just don’t know...

— Alright. We have to defeat him.

Baekren decided to go through with the attack. They had no time to waste and they had to do what they could do to destroy Jaehwang no matter what it takes.

Jaehwang was starting his counter attack and Baekren’s spirit didn’t seem to be too worried about it.

He then opened his eyes.

“W-What’s that?”

— Look out!

His counter-attack was more powerful than they expected and it was as if a missile was shot towards them. They soon realized that it was a giant cannonball and there were about 50 of them raining down from the skies.

“Run!” Baekren quickly ran away to find a safe place to hide from it.

Kwang kwang kwang kwanggg!!

The cannonballs had caused multiple explosions and each of them shook the ground as they landed.

— What’s going on?!

— It’s his counter attack. We have to do something...

Baekren’s spirit suggested.

Kwang kwang kwanggg!!

Shortly after that, even more attacks came for them. Due to the fact that he didn’t have any type of shield or armor, the explosions caused a few burns on his skin. His spirit was able to heal them quickly since they had to do something before it was too late.

“Get the sword!” The spirit shouted.

Swoosh...

A blue light surrounded the sword as he picked it up, it then traveled to his head until it covered his entire body.

— Look out!

The spirit warned him as an attack came their way.

“Again?!”

More cannonballs flew into the sky.

— Huh?

When he turned away to escape that attack, he saw something. The metallic ball that was coming down towards the ground was completely different from all the others that had reached them.

He then took out his sword and flew up into the sky.

Kwang kwang kwanggg!!!

“Watch out!”

The rain of cannons then fell to the ground mercilessly and summoned a carpet of explosions once again.

#3

“Cough... Cough...”

Jaehwang was able to heal himself while his attack kept the enemy from interrupting him. All of the smoke and the explosions from the cannons were affecting him as well.

— Are you okay?

“Good enough,” he replied. “It’s time for an arrow shower.”

He pulled out a handful of arrows and nocked them in his bow. He was now ready to put an end to this fight.

Baekren’s Emergency 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 212: The Truth Revealed




#1

“Thanks, I’ll take it from here.”

— Stopping the attack...

Rumi replied and she immediately stopped the attack. Jaehwang then went towards the building to find Baekren. He soon saw a black hole, he fired his arrow inside it to realize that it was just like a sinkhole.

“Hm.” Jaehwang decided to make his way down into the hole and as he went further, he found himself surrounded by a thick cloud of dark smoke. He couldn’t see anything but he could tell that someone was there.

“...”

He saw something. He caught a glimpse of a shadow but he didn’t see enough to make a guess about who could it have been. Blood was dripping down on his face and he seemed to be running away from him.

It didn’t take long before the shadow revealed himself and it was Baekren. He looked at Jaehwang with a smile and said, “Isn’t the weather great... ”

“It is,” Jaehwang replied and it was true, the sky was completely clear that day.

“So? Nice fight, and it seems it’s our first time speaking with each other. I’m Baekren.”

“I’m Jaehwang.” Baekren looked at Jaehwang’s face and said,

“You don’t seem so happy. Isn’t this fight going well for you?”

“It’s nothing.”

“Alright,” Baekren said, wiping away some of the blood from his face. He felt like he was going to die soon.

Jaehwang then looked at him and said, “There’s something I wanna know.”

“What is it?... ”

“Are you a part of the Samjeon church? Why are they doing this?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’ve only ever helped them for a small amount of time so they could help me with a spell.”

“Oh. So you’re not a part of their team?”

“No,” Baekren replied. He was doing his best to not reveal so much while also trying not to die. “It’s a really long story and we don’t have time for that.”

Jaehwang then raised his hand and said, “I’ll heal you.”

A white light shone out of his hands and it went to Baekren to heal him. He stopped before he could fully recover and said, “I will heal you completely if you tell me everything.”

“Alright,” He replied, however, Jaehwang looked at him with an unsure expression.

“You don’t believe me?”

Jaehwang continued to look unsure and that was enough to answer his question.

“I wasn’t going to say this but even without my help, the Samjeon incident would still have happened. There are others where they could get their assistance if I said no, they weren’t strong enough yet to handle everything on their own anyway. It was common for them to get some help from time to time,” Baekren said but Jaehwang looked a bit confused.

“This happened at the beginning of the generation mashup?”

“Yes, during the beginning... It’s already been sixty years,” Baekren said and he too was surprised at how fast the time seemed to go by.

“You were there?”

“Yes, I’m actually 83 years old.”

Jaehwang was surprised at what he had said. It meant that he was as old as Gwanjae.

“I stopped aging right at the beginning of the generation mashup. Wanna know about the spell that I used?”

“Not really.”

“Hm, is that so? If you don’t get old then you can achieve much more in your life as a hunter.”

“Just continue the story.”

“Alright then.” Baekten closed his eyes to think of everything that happened... he imagined as if he was back in that time.

“I had many friends within the Samjeon church group. But... it’s not like it used to be. I really believed in him. Turns out I shouldn’t have trusted him. That guy used a spell on Gwansindu and was punished for it. However, he had the other members backing him up and of course, they weren’t going to let him die.

“So did they help him?”

“Helped him... besides helping him, they went to the Alousu. If they had stayed in Korea after that then it would have only turned into a bigger issue, right? After that, they were able to stay out of any major trouble and with that, they were able to spread their name. Now they’re one of the most known groups in Korea,” Baekren explained.

“They’re the ones who taught me that spell... and if really helped them then, they wouldn’t have such a good place for themselves. Doesn’t that answer your question?”

“Yes,” Jaehwang replied as he stood up to leave.

“Wait! Stop!” Baekren shouted.

“What?”

“There’s something I need to say.”

“What is it?”

“I have something else to tell you.”

“I think I’ve heard all the things that I needed to.”

“You’re gonna regret this if you don’t hear me out,”

Baekren replied and Jaehwang walked back to listen to him.

“The world’s fate is at risk.”

Jaehwang gave him his attention since it was something that he had always been worried about. He also thought about not leaving Baekren to die.

“It’s alarming,” Baekren said.

“Yes, it is but well, thanks for letting me know.” Jaehwang started to walk away but he stopped. “Could you explain what you mean about the earth’s fate being in trouble?”

Baekren then replied, “It’s going to be destroyed.”

Jaehwang then looked a little confused.

“Do I need to explain more? Heal me and I would.”

#1

“Then I’ll give you an example.”

Jaehwang then continued to heal him.

“In the past, there were three organized dimensions for the three worlds...”

“And?” Jaehwang asked after Baekren took a pause in his words.

“It was all because of the Dakosu monsters, those absolute trash,” Baekren said as he crushed a rock in his hand. “They used a spell to turn people into insects and after destroying as many lives as they could, they went on for more.”

“We’re they punished?”

“Yes. they were sent far away but, unfortunately, the damage was already done. Even after they tried to stop them completely with the dragon.”

“The dragon?”

It was the monster that was supposed to go to the Alousu and make everything right but its strength wasn’t enough to get rid of them.

“Yes, the dragon. A human’s strength wouldn’t have been enough anyway.”

“It was that 12th tier...”

Could that really be true? It was unbelievable. That meant it was even more powerful than any monster that Jaehwang had ever fought.

“What will cause the destruction? Could it be the dragon of the Dakosu monsters?” Jaehwang asked, Baekren nodded his head and answered,

“No. They could be a problem but there’s a bigger problem than them.”

Pang!

“It’ll be something like that,” Baekren said after breaking three rocks at once with his hand.

“Was there any type of warning that could’ve prevented it?”

“Maybe.”

“The dragons could have missed something,” Baekren said. “Even if there was a mistake. There’s no going back.”

“Do you have any ideas on how to fix it?”

“It’s simple, we could just stabilize the three dimensions once again,” Baekren said as he picked up another rock.

“Do you have a way to do that?”

“Yes. I’ve been studying how the Dakosu monsters used the three dimensions to their advantage in the past and I’ve been thinking about how to deal with the world situation for a while now. With my idea, I think we’ll have a good chance at fixing it.”

If the three dimensions could be organized again, Baekren would have to reveal every truth in his mind and if he had to, he would be in trouble. Nevertheless, what he said was true and his biggest goal were to fix the three dimensions.

“How are you so sure? Have you seen the dragon in the Alousu?”

“Yes.” Baekren replied.

— Is he telling the truth?

The spirit inside Jaehwang asked.

— I’m not detecting anything.

— Alright... If everything he’s saying is true then...

He couldn’t forget what the spirit said. His past family would never be able to escape their misery and be free. He would never have a chance to save them.

— That can’t be.

Jaehwang never wanted to give up on saving them. He was willing to do whatever it takes.

— Your family would understand.

“Whew...” Jaehwang took a deep breath and looked at Baekren with an unsure expression.

He wanted to hear more until there’s nothing left for him to prove. He couldn’t kill him even though a part of him feels that he’s lying. Jaehwang then took a moment to process everything.

The Truth Revealed, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 213: The Truth Revealed 2




#1

“Gosh, what a disaster.”

Baekren said as he picked up his sword.

He fled into the hole hoping the fight could come to an end.

He then turned his head towards Jaehwang. Falling deep into thought he then tied his arms and closed his eyes. Luckily for him he seemed to have believed what he said but he had to be careful if he ever found out the truth.

-Hey, is everything alright?

Baekren said to the spirit.

-...

His spirit protected him from the last attack that was very powerful so he wanted to make sure he was okay.

`I don’t understand why you say to be careful of those kinds of hunters.’

Baekren thought of something he once told the spirit.

“Hm. I’m not sure if this is true but there’s only one reason why this person could be so powerful. There’s something about all of his attacks...”

Baekren said thinking aloud.

However, no matter how much he thought about it, he always came back to one thing.

With all the knowledge he had he needed to be very careful. Letting out any secrets could cost him his life.

However, luckily for him he had no reason to spill any secrets.

“What do you know about the Oaks in the Alousu?”

Jaehwang said all of a sudden.

“...!”

Baekren then thought about what happened with Halcan during the incident in Justin Point. Maybe it wouldn’t be a good idea to reveal his involvement with that.

“The Oaks were finding a way towards America and China. But now that seems pretty distant for them...”

“America and China?”

“Yes.”

Beakren replied.

“The support couldn’t create some kind of stable blocking system to keep them away?”

“Well there was another plan besides a stabilizer but it didn’t work out so well. In the beginning America and China were the only countries with active targets towards the Alousu.”

“And”

“It was the dragon, right?”

Baekren replied. Jaehwang then thought about the dragon appearing on earth.

“Maybe, it’s not a guarantee but it could happen. America could use their nuclear weapons but that could still fail.”

Baekren said to Jaehwang as if he could read his mind.

“But why doesn’t a strong dragon like that just be in charge of protecting everything?”

Jaehwang asked. It was true that the dragon was more powerful than any nuclear weapon.

Baekren then shrugged his shoulder and answered,

“I guess there’s no answer to that.”

“I can’t understand this.”

Jaehwang replied.

“I’ve also gave up on trying to understand it. Just as they said, it won’t be easy to understand by a humans’ standard no matter how you look at it.”

Baekren said.

“What do you think this means for the future?”

“Possibly, but first they’ll need time to make a plan.”

“What should we do when it happens?”

“We’ll have to check the Dakosu’s dimension separationing unit.”

“I see.”

Jaehwang said in reply.

“Is that really it?”

“Yes.”

“Hm...”

Suddenly Baekren then unconsciously took a step back.

Pong!

Out of nowhere Jaehwang punched Baekren in the face.

“Are you kidding me?”

“What was that for?...”

“That’s what you get for lying.”

Jaehwang said.

Out of nowhere Jaehwang began to attack Baekren punching him and launching arrows at him.

Pong! Pong! Pong! Pong!

Baekren then flew back crashing into the wall.

Ahhhhhh!

He collapsed onto the floor in pain.

“Get up.”

Jaehwang said and Baekren struggled to stand on his feet.

“What are you doing this for...”

“You didn’t think I was being serious?”

....

Kwang!

Jaehwang then kicked Baekren again causing him to fall onto the ground. He was timing his attacks perfectly making sure Baekren had no time to fight back.

Baekren felt that he should have done a little more research and observing before facing Jaehwang. He also felt that he shouldn’t have wasted time trying to talk to him instead of attacking.

“Please stop!”

Ponggg! Pong! Pong!

Jaehwang didn’t stop attacking him. In fact, he was so focused he couldn’t even hear him pleading at first.

“If I stop, will you stop lying to me?

“What jokes are you talking about?...”

Pongg!!

Jaehwang then kicked Baekren again.

He was then lying on the ground in pain.

Jaehwang looked down at Baekren with a cold look in his eyes.

-What’s going on?!

The spirit shouted.

It seemed like an evil spirit had taken over him.

It looked like he was trying to kill him.

#2

Baekren looked up seeing Jaehwang looking down at him with his hands tightly wrapped into a fists.

He could easily just squash him like a bug in that very moment.

Jaehwang didn’t even pay attention to the spirit. Unfortunately he was only focused on trying to get information out of him or destroying him.

“How do you know that? Unless you’re hiding something...”

Jaehwang suggested.

“Why would I do that?”

“It seems that you have a very good detection skill.”

“...”

Jaehwang didn’t reply to Baekren’s assumption.

He knew it must have been very obvious although he tried to hide it. Especially because Baekren could easily sense it. Even so, Jaehwang continued to follow along with the spirit’s plan.

-I could easily destroy him.

-What...

The Spirit confusingly asked.

Baekren’ spells seemed to be a bit stronger than them.

Jaehwang wanted to attack him first before he had a chance to use the spell.

“Why kill him?”

“Why not? He’s not even telling us the truth. He’s lying.”

Jaehwang insisted that Baekren was lying.

“But what if he’s not? Besides, If you destroy him then we won’t have a chance to at least try to find out anything else in case he’s telling the truth.”

The spirit suggested but Jaehwang still didn’t seem convinced.

He then turned to Baekren and said,

“Things aren’t going too well right now but I will put a little trust into what you’re saying.”

Jaehwang came to his final decision.

“You’ll only be helping me from now on.”

“So you need my help?

“I need you to help me find where the dragon is. I may have a better chance of succeeding if I bring someone else with me.”

Jaehwang said and Baekren was silent for a moment.

Neither of them weren’t even sure how long had passed by since their encounter.

“Do we have eno9ugh time to travel through the dimensions?”

“We should have about one year... That’s actually not much time.”

“Really?”

“Yes. It’s actually really time consuming.”

“Alright well, we can do this in time.”

“Good.”

He said in reply to Jaehwang.

“I’m Baekren.”

Baekren said holding his hand out to Jaehwang. Jaehwang just looked at his hand for a moment.

“But seriously, if you try to lie I’ll kill you.”

“Sounds like a deal.”

Baekren replied. The both of them then shook hands.

#3

Baekren already had lots of experience fighting monsters over the past years so the mission didn’t feel like it was going to be difficult for him.

Deukdeukdeukdeuk...

Things were going to especially easy with someone like Jaehwang helping him.

“Jaehwang?”

“What?”

“Is there anything we should be worried about?”

Baekren asked. Jaehwang took a moment to think before answering. He then spoke to Rumi,

“Rumi?”

“Yes?”

“Do you think it’ll be easy to find this person?”

“What person?”

The Truth Revealed 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 214: The World’s Best




#1

“Huh? Did you say a person?”

“Yes, a person”

“They were supposed to be somewhere here in Korea but I couldn’t find them anywhere so it looks like I’m going to need some help.”

“Okay.”

Rumi replied and walked away. Jaehwang then leaned his head back in the helicopter seat and closed his eyes.

He was sorting out everything in his head.

Although everything seemed that it would go fine but he was still a little worried.

-Is what that guy saying really true?

-It is.

The spirit replied.

-I wish it wasn’t true.

Jaehwang said in a disappointing tone.

Until then he had been taking it all as lies. Looks like he needed to keep Baekren around to be able to complete the mission.

“We’re going to find the place in one of the three dimensions.”

“Alright. But, isn’t it going to be dangerous going to the Alousu to find the dragon? Do you think even the two of us could even stand a chance?”

Jaehwang asked.

“It’s been hundreds of years since I came to counter with it so I don’t think I could promise anything. After all of the chaos with the three worlds many things changed. But from what I already know, we should have a good chance of surviving.”

“I wish I didn’t need any help.”

“Me too. But this is the only way.”

Baekren replied.

If a situation like this came up sixty years ago then he would have been in big trouble. Going to the Alousu wasn’t going to be a problem, it was the Dakosu monsters that they had to worry about. To this day the Dakosu monsters are one of the most ruthless kind. They’re incredibly strong and fast. Fighting off just one was a very difficult challenge.

But, that wasn’t the only problem.

The number of monsters increased so they had to be prepared for more than just the Dakosu monsters.

Obviously it was not going to be an easy task.

-After we enter the dimension do you think I should make sure everything is safe at the entrance and you could call for backup?

The spirit suggested.

-Maybe. I kind of wanted to do this with the least amount of people as possible.

-Of course.

She replied.

Jaehwang didn’t like getting help from others unless it was absolutely necessary.

Gwangjae was the only other person he ever trusted. Jaehwang knew Gwanjae was powerful enough to handle high rank monsters. Besides Gwanjae, he never put much trust into any other hunter on a mission.

‘This is definitely not going to be easy.’

He was thinking of every case scenario in his head. There were so many things to worry about.

Jaehwang then opened his eyes and saw something.

He took a closer look and realized that it was Baekren’s sword.

‘Interesting...’

He thought to himself. Maybe Baekren was powerful enough for him to not worry so much.

Jaehwang then opened the window of the plan and looked out at the sky.

-Darn it! What if Baekren plans to try and attack me.

Jaehwang said after looking out of the window for a moment.

-You’re just being paranoid. Just relax.

The spirit replied.

Jaehwang then took a deep breath and looked out the window again.

-I don’t know, I think I should stay on guard just to be safe.

Jaehwang said.

-You’re not going to ask him anything about it?

-No, I’ll just see what happens and be sure to be prepared just in case.

He replied.

-Well, I think I know his family name.

-Really?

-I think so. I’ve never met them personally but I know they used to be the most powerful of all.

-What happened?

Jaehwang asked.

-I’m not really sure what it was but something happened and they had a change of destiny.

-Was it because of a specific person?

-Yes but I don’t know who.

-So, should I trust him.

-I don’t know much about them but I think you can.

The spirit said.

-So, if that’s true then the only way I can win over the dragon is with his help?

-Yes.

The spirit replied.

That meant just Jaewhang and his arrows weren’t going to be enough.

-So with the combination of both of our skills we should have a good chance in completing this mission.

-Yea.

As much as Jaehwang hated the idea of working with him he had no choice.

-Also... Isn’t he really old?

-Yes. He’s very old.

The spirit replied.

Jaehwang then went back thinking falling deep into thought.

#2

Soon they arrived at their destination. The headquarters.

“Wheu”

Jaehwang took a deep breath as he looked around.

He closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of finally being back. It’s been a long time since he’s been back there.

Whooshh! Click

The door opened and one of the supporting team members walked in.

“If you do everything on your own then our soldiers won’t have any work to do.”

The captain of the supporting team said as he walked towards Jaehwang.

“Really?”

“Obviously.”

The supporting team captain replied.

Next the monster research team leader got off of the helicopter and walked towards Rumi. Jaehwang wasn’t aware but something went wrong and they were panicking while preparing thoroughly the team captain had an injury from an injury on his neck. Rumi was very worried.

“Let’s all go in the headquarters and discuss everything.”

“Alright. I don’t know Jaehwang’s status well but it seems that he is capable of the mission. But, he may need a little help, if he’ll take it.”

“It’s a relief that you all were able to complete the mission and meet back here.”

The team captain said congratulating Jaehwang and the rest of the team members. Everyone had gathered up again to go over everything for the next mission.

“This time it could be a bit more of a challenge so Jaehwang may definitely need some help on this one.”

“Alright.”

Jaehwang agreed.

The World’s Best, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 215: The World’s Best 2




Someone else then walked through the door.

“Grandfather, you’re here.”

“Yes, I made it here.”

Gwanjae replied.

He hadn’t told Gwanjae anything about the raid so far.

Gwanjae walked towards Jaehwangs and gave him a pat on the shoulder. They hadn’t had much time to talk in awhile.

“Good job.”

“Thanks. I’ve been wanting to talk to you but I didn’t know when we would be able to.”

Jaehwang said.

“Haha. that’s fine, I know you’ve been busy.”

“We can talk later. I’m sure you need some rest right now.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang said in reply to Gwanjae’s suggestion. Mr. Hwang was also there and looked to be very proud of Jaehwang as well.

“Wow, I’ve never seen you so proud.”

“Haha, how could I not be so proud?”

“Right. You really did a good job out there. It surely must have taken a lot of hard work. I don’t know how you do it.”

“Thanks sir. I’ll be sure to do even better in the future.”

Jaehwang replied. Mr. Hwang’s proud expression then turned a bit sad.

“Don’t put too much pressure on yourself.”

Mr. Hwang said placing his hand on Jaehwang’s shoulder.

“Let’s clear everything up with the others for an announcement tomorrow.”

“Okay.”

It was time to sort everything out for next mission and assign everyone to their positions the next day.

“There are lots of members who want to join Jaehwang.”

“Of course there is but we’ll have that all sorted out.”

Before the announcement they alerted for a few more hunters. Since it was a tenth tier monster raid they would be more hunters to get the job done faster and easier.

“Phew, this is going to be a big job.”

Mr. Hwang said as he went over a few documents.

“We only have one group of guards this time. That could make things more difficult than they should be.”

If they divided the groups of hunters and assistants that would help with their organization.

Gwanjae also offered to help by assigning some of his soldiers for the mission.

“I’m also interested to see if there is any circumstantial evidence on anything.”

“No. I haven’t noticed anything.”

“It could be a bit more difficult because of that.”

“So the only thing to be worried about is the guard situation?”

“Yes. But, the few guards in the team have some of the best training out there. We may not have to worry so much.”

“I guess you’re right, we may not have to worry about that either.”

“Yea. Especially with Gwanjae’s help, we should be fine.”

Jaehwang said.

“Great.”

“I’ll get everything started.”

Jaehwang then left and the moment the door closed behind him Mr. Hwang took a deep breath.

Although he didn’t say anything particularly bad to Jaehwang he felt a sense of relief. It took more than a simple scan to obtain all of the information needed, he did his best to make the best plan for the mission.

“Now I can finish this in relaxation.”

He said to himself.

The next day the raid plan was starting to unfold in action. Although they haven’t failed many raids they still were never fully confident in how things would go.

[Everyone is running and hiding as a tenth tier monster takes over the city! But we’re not too worried knowing we have a powerful hunter on our side.]

[Is he planning on a raid to stop the monster?]

[Everyone waits patiently for the level ten monster comes to the rescue.]

Every new broadcast station were talking about the monster and the possible raid.

The entire city was counting on Jaehwang to come and take down the monster.

Of course he was planning on a raid to destroy the monster but his plan had yet to be completed. He was planning everything as fast as possible while also trying to plan everything as perfectly as possible.

However, there was also a gate somewhere that the monster had to have come from. They would have to find out where it was and destroy it before another monster come through it and cause more trouble.

“Have anyone found any more information on the monster?”

“Yes. we have some documents on it from Tokyo.”

The monster research team captain said in reply to Rumi’s question. After the raid in Tokyo they were able to gather more information to use on the upcoming raid.

“Great.”

Rumi replied.

Thankfully for them that there was only one monster this time although it was a high tank monster.

“Considering how powerful Jaehwang is we shouldn’t have much to worry about. When everything is ready, we’ll be able to catch up with the monster by the time it reaches the Busan station area.”

“Yes. The information from Japan should make everything a lot easier.”

“Right.”

They were even provided with weapons for the soldiers during the raid. It was also important that they got started before any citizens were injured.

“Tell me. Is there anything about the Tokyo economy that we should be concerned about? If so, that could cause for some changes in our approach to attack. What could we do to work around any problems like that?”

“I’ll check.”

Rumi replied.

“Hey, supporting team captain?”

“Yes?”

“What the monster detection like so far?”

“The monster detection is seventy percent complete. The weapons charging still have quite a long way to go.”

“This is the first time we’ve fought a tenth tier monster after all. That’s why the process is taking longer than usual.”

“Okay.”

Rumi replied. Everything seemed to have been going well. They were doing everything they can to have everything prepared for Jaehwang’s raid.

The World’s Best 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 216: The Sword Owner




#1

Blue energy begin to surround Jaehwang as he was testing out a skill. Next to him was the spirit who looked over and said,

“We have to tell them about it.”

“Yes. We have to take care of this. Everything should turn out fine...”

Jaehwang said in reply as he finished up testing the skill. Looks like everything was going good so far. However, the spirit didn’t seem so confident about it.

“Are you sure? The both of us are supposed to handle so much of this? Do you think we can do it?”

Pong! Pong!

-Well, no. Ow! I think I did something wrong.

He said as after testing the skill but injured himself a bit.

“Introduce it again.”

“Alright. Let’s see.”

Jaehwang said after a quick healing.

-Doesn’t it seems like something’s blocking it a lot?

-Hmm, could be... What could it be? Maybe try something else?

-Okay.

Jaehwang said in reply to the spirit’s suggestion.

He and the spirit had been training every day to prepare for the raid.

“Jaehwang.”

The spirit said.

“What?”

-How are you gonna do this?

She asked.

-Things like this could easily not go as planned.

Pong! Pong!

Jaehwang continued to test the skill before replying,

-I know but, I don’t think I have much of a choice anyway.

“Hey, have you seen my tiger anywhere around here...”

A random guy came and asked him.

“What?!”

“It’s okay, you don’t have to be afraid of it, it’s trained. I just need to find it.”

He assured.

“Please tell me if you see it anywhere.”

“I will.”

Jaehwang replied.

“Thank you so much.”

The guy said before rushing off.

-Anyways, at least you have Baekren to help you this time.

-I guess.

-Isn’t it a relief?

-Whatever.

Jaehwang replied. It wasn’t a secret that he did not like Baekren and wish he didn’t have to work with him.

“Come on, you could end up really enjoying it.”

“I wouldn’t count on it...”

“Let’s go.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang and the spirit then went into an empty office and made a phone call.

Beep...

“Can Rumi please come to the office.”

Jaehwang said through the office phone and Rumi came knocking on the door a minute later.

“Hello.”

“Come in.”

She softly opened the door and walked in. instead of sitting in the chair across from Jaehwang she stood next to it.

“It’s okay to sit.”

“That’s okay. I’m fine like this.”

She insisted.

“Alright. I just called you here to talk for a bit.”

“Okay.”

Rumi then decided to sit down and Jaehwang placed a weapon on the table.

It was a sword. The moment she looked at it, her eyes lit up.

“Is that...”

“The magic sword. It’s a special artifact, one of the best.”

“Indeed.”

“Can I take a closer look at it?”

Rumi asked.

“Sure.”

Rumi then took a closer look at sword looking fascinated by it. A rare special artifact like that wasn’t common to come by.

“Is it...”

“I know from when I found out it, it’s important to find the owner.”

“It’s not yours?”

“No. It’s a shame it has to be returned but it’s the right thing to do.”

The artifact could only be activated and used when in the hands of its owner. That’s why anyone couldn’t use any weapon.

“Okay.”

Rumi said still admiring the sword.

She was also clearly disappointed to know that it would eventually have to go

“Alright then, let’s find the owner. Are there any plans you have to find him?”

“Yes.”

Jaehwang answered.

“But, is there any way I could check if it works right?”

“Hmm. I don’t know, that may be a bit difficult.”

Jaehwang said. He couldn’t think of anyone who could possibly be able to test it out besides Gwanjae and that wasn’t even a guarantee.

“Are you sure you can’t do it?”

Rumi suggested.

“Me?”

“Yea, it shouldn’t be that hard for you to figure it out.”

“Uhh, I don’t think that will work.”

Jaehwang said after taking a quick moment to think.

“Come on, just pick it up, focus and see what happens. I wouldn’t be surprised if it worked. At least give it a try.”

“I don’t know...”

Jaehwan replied hesitantly.

Rumi looked a bit disappointed. She picked up the sword and glided her hand across the side of its smooth and shiny blade.

Then, out of nowhere the sword suddenly started to vibrate.

“Huh,,,”

Whooshh

Light began to emerge from the sword as it continued to vibrate ad she held it in her hand.

“Uh, what’s going on?...”

She said in a bit of a panic still while still holding the sword. Jaehwang was too shocked to do anything but watch.

-Wow... That’s it... That’s what it needed....!”

The spirit said.

-What?

-Just keep watching.

Swooshhh...

The light from the sword grew bigger and brighter.

Blue energy emerged from the sword and started to form a shape.

It looked like a giant snake. The giant snake then wrapped around her and opened its mouth wide showing all its sharp teeth.

The blue energy filled the entire office room.

-It’s the snake. The power of the sword.

-The snake?

Jaehwang asked.

-You thought it was just like any other artifact?

-It’s another passed down magic weapon?

-Of course. It’s one of the oldest but still one of the most powerful.

-Ah...

The spirit explained to him everything about the sword.

Although he still didn’t fully understand what was going on Jaehwang continued to watched in amazement.

“Watch closely.”

The spirit said appearing next to him in human form.

“She’s gonna be alright though, right?”

Jaehwang asked.

“Shhh. Just pay attention.”

The spirit replied.

She then disappeared back into his head.

#2

No one was sure how much time had passed by so far.

Suddenly, it was all over.

Rumi fainted and fell onto the floor along with the sword.

Jaehwang then picked up Rumi up off of the floor and into his arms. Looked like the spirit was right, she was the owner of the sword. It must have been passed down from her family years ago.

If that was true then that means she could be just as powerful as Jaehwang. Or even more powerful.

-Jaehwang, do this person a favor.

The spirit said.

-Okay.

-It should be easy to gather the energy.

She then noticed Rumi’s arm.

-It looks like a tiger mark... That could only mean one thing.

-No way...

Jaehwang replied in shock.

The Sword Owner, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 217: The Sword Owner 2




#1

After that shocking situation, Rumi decided to train with Jaehwang.

Of course she was still very confused about everything, it seemed that she had no choice but to do her best to adjust. Jaehwang was being very helpful throughout the practice so that made things a bit easier.

“You’ll get the hang of it.”

Jaehwang said.

The thought of maybe he didn’t have to team up with Baekren on the mission came to mind as they practiced. If Rumi could get the hang of her newly found skills then she could help instead.

Rumi picked up the sword and faced Jaehwang.

“Let’s start.”

“Okay.”

She replied.

Haya!

Blue energy dust emerged from the sword again as she swayed it about.

Swoosh... Swoosh...

The blue dust of the sword surrounded her as she practiced with Jaehwang. It’s power grew stronger each time she practiced attacking.

Swoosh

However, because she was new at all of this it definitely wasn’t easy to get used to. She even got bruises on her own arm somehow.

Tak...

Jaehwang blocked the attacks with his own skills.

The energies from both of them emerged as they practiced. Red energy from Jaehwang and the blue energy from Rumi surrounded each other.

Jiijiijjiii...

Jaehwang created an energy field with the palm of his hands.

But, it wasn’t enough to block everything.

“Ah!”

Jaehwang shouted as he stepped back. His arm had gotten hit by the sword.

Rumi immediately put down the sword and ran towards Jaehwang.

“It’s fine, don’t worry.”

Jaehwang said as his arm bled.

“Are you sure your okay?”

“Really, don’t worry about. This is what practice is about.”

“Okay..”

She said although she still felt terrible.

“You seem to be doing good so far, you just need a little more time to get used to it. After you practice for a while you could become an expert.”

Jaehwang explained.

Although Rumi appreciated Jaehwang’s help and encouragement, she still didn’t feel comfortable having the skill and she didn’t feel like she could ever feel comfortable with it.

But even so, she decided to continue on with the practice.

Swoosh! Tak!

The practice went on for almost an hour before they took another break.

“Let’s rest.”

“Okay.”

Both of them were out of breath tirelessly gasping for air.

-Good, right?

-Yea.

The first practice went considerably great compared to how first practices usually go.

-This is good news.

-I know.

Jaehwang said in reply to the spirit still exhausted.

He then leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes.

#1

-The raid has nothing to do with Japan.

-It’s seemed to be no use in using the information from Japan in this situation.

-Do we have any supporters there to stand by just in case for the raid?

-A Japanese hunter shouldn’t be needed at all on this raid.

-Can’t they protect their own country?

“This is ridiculous.”

Jaehwang said to himself reading Japanese comments on an article online about the raid mission.

“Don’t worry about those comments too much. There’s always going to be people who don’t approve.”

“Yea, you’re right.”

“Besides, they’re president only cares about money in power so there’s no way they would lend us any soldiers just to help.”

“Money and power?”

“Yes, and because of that, what he said really affected the public’s opinion on the situation...”

“So no matter what we do we most likely won’t be able to get a lot of support from Japan?”

“Kind of. Our countries are very close to each other and Japanese and Koreans aren’t really hateful to each other so the citizens could have their own minds and start to support us. Because later when we go to the Alousu the more support from them the better.”

“Yea.”

Jaehwang agreed.

“None of that should be too hard anyway. Who knows, we could get more people than we expect.”

After he had been various articles all day Jaehwang finally stopped reading them and all of the comments and closed the laptop.

“Sir!”

“What is it?!”

“There’s an explosion!”

One of the soldiers said in a panic.

“What!”

Jaehwang replied in shock.

“It seems that we’re being attacked. Our soldiers are getting prepared to do what we can do to fight back.”

“I’ll call for help and see what I can do.”

“Yes, sir!”

The Sword Owner 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 218: Fighting Alone?




#1

‘This is like fighting a monster’

After practicing together a few times Rumi and Jaehwang made a great practice buddies. Both of them were very powerful and even more powerful when they worked together.

Everything seemed to be perfect. Jaehwang’s arrows even had an upgrade thanks to the practice sessions. They were now even deadlier than before.

However, that was also like a curse.

It meant that he had to be very careful not to harm the wrong person which was easy to happen during times when there’s arrow showers.

‘Unconscious Power’

Although it was going to help him tremendously he felt like maybe it could be a big responsibility, therefore he figured he should think twice when he uses it. Just to be safe.

The two of them continued their practice session.

Rumi across from Jaehwang.

Jiijjiijjii...

The both of them were putting up a good fight.

They stood ready at any time for whatever was to come.

‘Use this power thoughtfully’

The magic sword consciously spoke to her.

Being able to connect to the power of the sword made it easier to use and caused for its affects to be much stronger than without the connection.

The sword’s strength was even stronger than Jaehwang’s arrows.

-This shouldn’t be too difficult.

-Right.

Rumi said speaking to the spirit of the sword.

She was finally feeling more comfortable with it after a few practice sessions. Finally, she that she was getting the hang of using the sword.

She even improved in basic fighting skills.

-I can do this!

She said getting into fighting position.

Jaehwang was right across from her just as prepared as she was.

“Pheu.”

Rumi took a deep breath.

Although she was fully prepared and felt confident, it was still hard to practice training with a friend as she was afraid she could hurt him.

Tak...

Jaehwang then launched an arrow. It was the first attack starting off the fight. However, the moment the fight started Rumi’s mind went blank and she completely forgot how to use the sword.

Ponggg!

Jaehwang continued to attack. Rumi then came back to her senses and quickly dodged the attacks.

Jiiijiiikk...

She ran up towards him and attacked him on the head with the sword.

Jaehwang then counter attacked shooting more arrows.

After attacking for a moment Jaehwang then suddenly disappeared leaving behind a cloud of black smoke.

-Look out!

Jaehwang shouted from another location helping her throughout the practice session.

Rumi then quickly used a shielding skill.

Kwang!!!

“Ahh!!”

Rumi flew back and crashed into the wall causing it the crack.

The impact of the attack was too strong... She did her best to block the attack but she wasn’t strong enough. She was left feeling paralyzed.

Jaehwang got worried and quickly ran towards Rumi.

“We’ll end it here.”

“That sounds like a good idea.”

She replied nodding her head.

She then sat up and the spirit of the sword spoke to her again.

-You really need to hurry and get stronger.

-I can see that.

It wasn’t so surprising that she lost to Jaehwang, he was a high rank hunter after all. Besides, she had only just started with her training.

Thankfully, she could feel herself starting to enjoy practice and began to become dedicated to learning to use her skills to the fullest.

-But good job, you’re getting better at this.

-Thanks.

She replied.

They then went to take a rest.

Jaehwang opened his skill status window.

Arrow speed (Decrease)

He could already notice the difference in his skills before checking the information. It was no secret to him that his energy had recently been feeling a little low.

That meant he needed to take a rest for a bit until his skills were able to take some time to recharge.

He still needed to practice his new skill more as he wasn’t satisfied with it yet but the practice surely was paying off for it.

All he needed now was more hunting experience to improve even more.

‘Dakosu’

Baekren explained to him everything he needed to know about the Dakosu monsters.

‘That shouldn’t be a problem.’

He said to himself thinking of hunting the Dakosu monster. The gate the monsters came through was quite small but it could have gotten much bigger over the past few months.

-Spirit?

-Huh?

-We have to do that as soon as possible. Let’s get ready.

-Got it.

The spirit replied.

#2

Click! Click!

Many foreigners walked through the VIP entrance and in front of them were hundreds of reporters taking photos and asking questions. The place was brightly lit with flashing lights and music played throughout the event.

“What’s your plan to protect everyone this time?!”

“Are the rumors true? Did you recruit an assistant this time?!”

“Can you give us a little insight on your plan?”

The reporters shouted questions one after another.

“We’ll be answering questions another later.”

His bodyguard replied as they moved along.

The cameras continued to flash as they walked past.

The public was still uncorrected on the fact that he was a level nine hunter and not level ten but Jaehwang just thought that it wasn’t much of a big deal since he would level up eventually anyway.

Once they were almost done walking the carpet he stood still in front of the cameras for a few photos.

He was beginning to become more and more comfortable in the spotlight.

After posing for a few photos he continued on down the carpet.

Fighting Alone?, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 219: Fighting Alone? 2




#1

While planning the raid Jaehwang got lots of new supporters and even made new friends. In the meantime, he also had to be very careful about what he says in order to not ruin anything.

“My raid team is scheduled to all gather one friday so we can start the attack. Our team has planned everything perfectly so everything is expected to go well.”

“Is there any details you could tell us, sir?”

A reporter asked.

“I can’t reveal anymore than that, I’m sorry.”

A few days later Jaehwang and the raid team members sat onto the helicopter. A soldier named henry sat next to him and asked,

“Is something wrong?”

“What do you mean?”

Jaehwang replied.

“There seems to be a lot of pressure on this raid mission.”

Alex said chiming in.

“Oh...”

It was true that he was feeling more pressure than usual this time around. The raid was taking place on the northern side of Europe. They were preparing to fight e ninth tier monster. It was the highest level monster he had ever fought.

“But you’re an expert at this so it’s probably not too worrying.”

“Yae.”

“Thanks.”

He replied, still a bit lost in thought as he looked out the window.

“I just don’t understand it.”

“Why?”

“It’s a long story. But...”

After he explained the situation they were left with shocked expressions.

“Are you okay?”

“It could be a big problem if it continues on like this.”

“That’s true...”

“Looks like we have to be more careful than we thought. First we’ll need to test all the weapons. That should take about an hour.”

“But I thought it was going to be a sparring fight.”

Alex asked in confusion.

He actually had even already prepared for that.

“Does the chances of us losing seem to be quite big?”

“I don’t know but there seems to be a possibility of that...”

“Have you looked into the location the raid is located at?”

“The location of the raid...”

He said thinking. He actually did know the location.

It was right near the gate the Dakosu monsters were coming from. The place also happens to be near his hometown.

It’s been a very long time since he had been back there...

“We’re going to have to stay on guard while we’re there.”

“Got it.”

The two soldier replied nodding their heads.

“I hear there’s going to be a high level rank hunter there as well.”

“Really?”

“Yea, I heard about that too. We have to be careful not to run into them or start any fight with them.”

“That’s right. We should be very careful and keep a close eye on them.”

Their raid leader replied.

“Looks like we have some enemies to look out for.”

Alex said.

“If we just avoid causing too much trouble with anyone else there this could go easier than we think.”

The leader said with a smile.

#2

After the other team finished reviewing their plan and testing all their weapons they were almost completely prepared and ready to go. All they had left to do was find out more information on the hunter they were going to be up against.

It Jaehwang. The other hunter who they were going up against at the raid location. From everything they’ve heard they knew it would be a challenge so they wanted to do some research and see if they could find out any of his weaknesses to help them.

“I haven’t found any weaknesses we could use against him.”

One of his soldiers reported.

Besides all of the basic information, I can’t find any in depth information on his skills or even anything like his weakness.

So far all they knew was his name and that he was a level ten hunter. The fact that he was such a powerful hunter was very worrisome for them.

While trying to search for information on his skills all that they could find is on news on all his past raids, which was very intimidating.

“Hmm...”

“Looks like this really won’t be easy.”

“Indeed. I also think they’ll be near Yongdamho Lake.”

“I guess they really aren’t joking around.”

“Wow, really?”

A lady said as she walked into the room.

“Sounds like this is going to take a lot.”

She said. The lady had long blond hair and was wearing a violet dress that wrapped perfectly around her slim figure. Everyone in the room were taken aback by her beauty.

“So, how’s it going here?”

“Ah, yes, ma’am, we’re getting everything prepared.”

The raid team leader replied.

All the other soldiers then tried to act normal with faces that were red in embarrassment.

“Do you want to know what we have so far?”

“You figured it out?”

She asked.

“Well, not exactly...”

He said hesitantly.

They were still lacking on information about Jaehwang and his clan.

“Hmm... I thought you didn’t know this place.”

“I was surprised about it too but after I looked into more I realized that actually I once lived there. But, we do have to plan carefully and not act too rashly...”

He replied.

“Understood.”

She said nodding her head.

#2

“Wow...”

Out of nowhere he heard a loud explosion that caused someone to fly by him and crash into the wall.

Swoosh... Click

They could hear the sound of something or someone somewhere far in the distance.

“Let’s go.”

Swoosh Swoosh...

The noises became louder the more they stepped closer.

Out of nowhere someone then shouted,

“Don’t be so loud! Be careful”

“Got it!”

The guy walking in the lead said. His hands were shaking in fear as they slowly walked closer and closer.

“Hurry, we have to attack!”

“Hello, my name Rumi.”

They heard someone introducing themselves. As they got closer they were able to see their face clearly.

However, suddenly they started to step back and then stopped entirely. Rumi then looked at them and said,

“Don’t forget to keep quiet, everyone! They can attack at any moment!”

She said and everyone immediately stood quiet.

“Ahhhh!!!”

Just as they had started to get moving again they suddenly they heard a loud scream coming from far away in the distance. They immediately stopped and looked around.

They had no idea what could have caused the scream or where it came from as they didn’t see anything.

Then...

Swooshh.... Pong!!

A giant battle axe came flying past them and crashed into the wall. All of them immediately took out their weapons ready to fight.

“Ahh...”

That time the scream was much quieter. It sound like it came from even further away.

Rumi took out her sword just in case. She then looked over towards Alex and asked,

“Should I go and see what it is?”

He looked a bit unsure.

“I don’t think that’s a good idea...”

“It’ll be fine. I think I know who it is. It seems like only a level six hunter.”

“I don’t know... A level six hunter? In this neighbor it could be anyone, we have to be very careful...”

He warned.

“I can handle it, don’t worry.”

“Okay...”

He said in reply still feeling unsure about it as they didn’t know what to expect.

However, thankfully things didn’t seem to be too dangerous. They haven’t actually seen any enemies yet so that was a good sign.

Just then, they heard something again.

Fighting Alone? 2, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 220: Fighting Alone? 3




#1

After introducing each other the noise grew bigger. It was a level six hunter.

They carefully walked closer with their shields in hand.

The hunter was unavoidable as it seemed to have been heading right towards them.

As they got closer and closer the sound of the attacks grew louder and louder.

Whoosh!

According to their research the monster was expected to weigh more than fifty kilograms.

But... they made a mistake.

A very big mistake.

The raid leader made a miscalculation that caused for a major set back in their plan. It looked like a women showed up instead of a level ten hunter. Was the hunter not even coming?

They were obviously very confused but had no other choice but to keep moving. All they could do was trust in what they had.

“I’ll see if I can get a closer look.”

One of the soldiers said.

They assumed that the girl they met could be close friends with the hunter they were expecting. She was holding a weapon in her hand so it was clear that she was there for a reason.

Just to be safe they did an analysis on Rumi and didn’t find anything suspicious which was very unexpected.

She seemed to be quite advanced in skill but not so familiar with it.

They asked her a few questions and although she didn’t speak she nodded her head to reply.

However, that meant that she only really replied to the yes or no question and that wasn’t enough to answer all of their questions.

#2

-I’m bored.

The first attack wasn’t what Jaehwang had in mind but they continued on with their plan by sending Rumi ahead to confuse them while he attacks them by surprise.

Clearly Rumi felt a lot of pressure but did her best to go through with it.

The first two soldiers were able to handle their part of the plan fairly good.

For the time being they were going easy with the attacks and saving their full strength for when the real fight began.

-Besides the monster raiding part, we should easily be able to take down these people.

-Yes.

They were feeling a bit tired so they were taking things kind of slow.

-Looks like these guys aren’t going to be difficult to deal with.

-Yea, they seem confused already.

Jaehwang said in reply to Rumi through a headset.

Although she was still feeling a little tense but she was starting to become more relaxed.

Everything was happening on time according to what they planned.

So far two soldiers had succeeded in their part of the plan and now they just had to wait for Rumi to complete the next part.

However, they still had to be on guard at all times because success wasn’t promised as anything could happen at any moment.

Besides, they had a big problem to stay aware of...

The raid leader of the other team was one of his old enemies.

He was worried about what they could have planned and if him and his team were prepared for it.

“What could he be doing...”

He thought to himself.

Nonetheless Jaehwang still tried his best to stay positive.

Everything was getting quieter and quieter in the area.

That was even more of a sign to stay on guard. Rumi took a deep breath as they continued on. After a while of walking she was starting to feel very tired.

But despite being exhausted, she was still able to pull herself together and continue on.

Rumi actually knew the guys on the other team quite well. She met them when she was just a young kid. She learned a lot from them.

So far they haven’t seen any other hunters and things were very quiet. The other team were starting to get confused.

“It looks like our people have made a mistake. Should we apologize?”

He asked wondering if he should apologize to Rumi.

“I don’t know. But, are you gonna help me with this last one?”

“...”

Just in that moment, something felt strange to him.

But, he decided not to mention anything about it.

“Okay.”

Rumi replied.

Until now Rumi had kept the fact that she’s apart of a different clan a secret.

‘They’ll have to beg for mercy after this mistake.’

Rumi thought to herself.

When they continued onto the Northern side of Europe they became even more careful than before. As far as she knew Jaehwang and the other soldiers were still in Korea at the moment.

Then... She felt a hand on her shoulder.

She quickly turned around and saw that is was Jaehwang.

“Everything seems to be going great. Good job, Rumi.”

“No problem.”

Rumi replied with a slight nod.

‘Why does he seem a bit angry?’

She thought to herself.

Jaehwang looked to be feeling a little angry but trying his best to hide it. Rumi wondered what the reason for him being angry could be. Jaehwang didn’t really have much of a changing expression but Rumi always could tell how he was feeling.

Rumi then sat down exhausted and worried. She glanced over at Jaehwang who seemed to have been lost in thought. He wasn’t one to express his feelings.

‘I hope everything’s going well...’

She knew she didn’t have to worry about Jaehwang but she was still a little concerned.

#2

-My raid teammates doesn’t seem to be feeling so good.

Jaehwang said. When Rumi went to sit something seemed a bit off. It was no secret that everyone was worried about how everything would turn out.

Rumi did make a mistake. But, all they could do was continue on and try their best. Hopefully everything would turn out how they planned.

-Maybe...

-This could be it. This could be the end of me. I can’t believe how nerve racking this is. This skill’s side effects could ruin everything.

Jaehwang said before the Spirit could finish speaking.

His newest skill seemed to be the best option but they were side effects to using it that he may not be able to endure.

-You’ll be fine.

The Spirit assured him.

-I hope so...

Jaehwang replied anxiously.

However, just then something flew past them.

-Guys! Get away from there! It’s too dangerous!

One of the team members said through the headset.

Fighting Alone? 3, The end.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 221: Fighting Alone? 4




“Ah…” After letting out a light sigh, Jaehwang muttered, “I won’t go too hard.”

Jaehwang knows basic manners, he does not beat up a new guest to the point of crippling them.

“Just a taste would be fine.”

‘Just about half,’ Jaehwang thought.

#1

‘What the hell is this guy doing…’

Thor looked at this Master who was standing in front of him. He used to be certain that Jaehwang was a ranged damage dealer but now, he was taking off his shooting glove, which was an essential gear for archers. Then, he started to crack his knuckles, it was a signal that he wants to end this fight with his fist.

Thor frowned. This guy was not using the opposite of his main skill against him. It meant Jaehwang was completely undermining Thor’s abilities.

‘Fine… come at me…’

With everyone calling him a 10-star Hunter, he seems to be scoffing at facing a 7-star Hunter. Thor laughed to himself as he also felt a hit to his ego, wondering what a humiliating impression Jaehwang had of him. Four of his men were ridiculously defeated prior to him, so their leader probably did not intimidate Jaehwang.

‘I will play along with this…” Thor let out a slight grin.

The more the opponent is undermined, the bigger the chance of one making a foolish mistake. Of course, to a 10-star Hunter, a 7-star Hunter must look like a kid in training but Thor had done his homework for this battle. Before he came here, he acquired the knowledge of all of Jaehwang’s skills through his team to run some simulations and analyze its statistics. Thor studied Jaehwang’s fighting patterns and came up with some counter-attacks that he could apply during their exchange. He was ready.

‘The plan is set. I will take the glory of defeating a 10-star Hunter.’

Thor took a quick glance to Emperor who was sitting on the throne. He had heard of Emperor’s challenge to the Archery Master, he must have gone to Jaehwang with confidence because he also saw that Jaehwang was as a superfluous archer.

However, Emperor challenged Jaehwang because he himself witnessed Jaehwang’s battle against the Behemoth and he expected his own battle with Jaehwang to be a loss or a tie at best.

This was Emperor’s tactic, provoke his opponent before the battle and use all of his abilities with sheer perseverance to end it with a tie, then go on to admit his loss and apologize for his shortcomings in his challenge. Emperor already knew that Jaehwang was ahead of him, but Thor did not know any of these plans in Emperor’s mind.

“Oh, are you going to be okay? My Mj?lnir would be hard to block with your fist,” Thor said in a worried tone.

“You came to the Invincible Palace, so I should show you the weapon of this place, the Fist of the Invincible,” Jaehwang replied with a smile.

It is true that the Fist of the Invincible was the first technique that every Hunter of the Invincible acquires. They would learn martial arts techniques with various weaponry but in case of losing their weapons in the midst of fights against monsters as well as to train their bodies, all Hunters were taught with fist fighting skills.

The fist is not necessarily a weak form of martial arts, the founder of this skill was the Prince and this was his main attacking skill.

When the referee looked at the Prince from his seat, the bored prince gave the referee a nod with a widening grin on his face.

Hence the battle was set, the referee signaled the commencement of the battle and left the battleground.

‘Just as planned…’ Thor thought.

Through the simulations, he acquired the attack sequence with the highest probability of winning and with the limited space of this battlefield, Jaehwang would not be able to escape either. In various aspects, Thor had the advantage and this was his plan. Since his opponent was fast and good at stealth, he must use a massive blow on the ground as his first attack. Based on his experience, those who have been hit by this attack would react in one of three ways: first, they would just try to stay grounded, second, they would try to jump into the air, and third, for those who know a bit about this attack, would try to escape into the ground.

‘It does not matter how he reacts since all of my plans have been set,’ Thor thought.

“AAHHHH”

Thor threw his Mj?lnir with all of his might with its concentrated maximum energy ready to destroy. This attack would be enough to drive even 6-tier monsters crazy and it goes by the name, Rolling Thunder.

But as the Mj?lnir was about to crash into the floor…

‘Crack…’

A sound of a breaking bone was spread across the battle stadium.

“Ugh!”

Thor felt a paralyzing shock to his chin, and his neck turning sideways against his will.

‘What happened?’

Instinctively, Thor reversed the direction of his Mj?lnir to guard his upper body as a last-minute but great defense, but his opponent was tough. Jaehwang weaved and comes in close, covered with Thor’s attacks but that didn’t stop him from smashing his fist into his jaw, the only place that Thor’s armor could not cover.

Pow*Crack*Boom

“AAAAAHHHKKKK” Thor screamed.

He took multiple hits to his chin that destabilized his brain. Even a quick-healing Hunter, if not given the slightest time to recover, cannot heal himself. Thor kept sliding back, but Jaehwang’s fists did not stop its continuous attack.

Jaehwang’s attack pattern was purely brutal. Thor wondered if this current opponent of his was the Master Archer he had been studying. In the videos, Thor watched Jaehwang with all the care in the world and this streak of savage attacks did not happen even once.

What Thor studied as Jaehwang’s usual battle techniques that were the fruit of his precise planning, but this man that he’s fighting now was…

Thor could not breathe. He had assumed that in short-range attacks, he would be more superior to an archer. His prejudice was completely shattered.

BOOM!

Thor held on by his sheer willpower from knee attack that came from Jaehwang. As expected, Jaehwang started to attack his abdomen. Thor could feel the shock, but it was more bearable thanks to the armour.

“AAGGHHH” Thor breathed in heavily. He could not be defeated like this, so almost as a reflex, Thor went for the blunt technique.

This powerful attack, because he trained hundreds and thousands of times a day and night while thinking of beating the Emperor, had almost become a second nature for him to execute.

Jaehwang backs up slightly at this attack.

“My turn now!” Thor screamed.

Thor pushed Jaehwang out with the heavy armor. He had accepted that he won’t be able to give his answer in a flat out fight, so he aimed to deliver a non-stop attack to reverse their situation.

Jaehwang was getting farther away, it was like he was giving up on close-quarter combat so Thor clenched his teeth and went after him.

‘Hmm! It’s going a medium-range random attack while using stealth now,’ Thor thought. ‘This is what I have been waiting for anyway.’

He clenched his fist with Mj?lnir in hand.

Thor has an attack that no one had seen as of yet and it was a secret attack that he had prepared. His arm that held onto the Mj?lnir swelled up twice its size.

He was not simply flexing. This hidden skill allowed him to manipulate his own skills, but of course, there was a limit. He could increase 3 to 5 stats instantly and through his rigorous discipline and training, although it is momentary, Thor could increase his stats by 10 now. His default stat was 20, and now, with a whopping 30 stat muscle power, Thor threw his Mj?lnir.

BAMM!

The Mj?lnir broke through the speed of sound, and a fierce sonic boom ripped the air around it as it went for Jaehwang who was retreating.

It was a perfect shot to his loophole.

Thor was confident. This attack could severely injure even an 8-tier monster and a long-range shooter would not be able to bear this attack.

‘Bulls-eye!’

While retreating, Jaehwang was hit right on with the Mj?lnir and Thor’s best attack turned out to be a success.

But…

“HUH?!?”

The Mj?lnir went straight through Jaehwang and his form scattered in front of him.

‘An afterimage? Thor could not believe his eyes played tricked on him. He could even escape a hail of bullets and he was taken aback by the fact he had lost his opponent from his sight.

And at that moment while he was startled, Jaehwang came up under his nose.

BOOOM!

Thor’s neck bent back to the point of breaking from Jaehwang’s uppercut, which hit him faster than he had stepped back.

‘Ah..Ah…’

Thor closed his eyes with a sense of his chin breaking. It was over.

‘What is this!!!!!’ Thor thought. He was not even hit by the opponent’s main weapon. If he had a cold weapon in his hand right now, Thor would already be a pile of blood on the floor.

BOOM*PUNCH*BAM

Jaehwang only attacked for Thor’s head and by then, he realized he was completed defeated. He was so sure that he knew his opponent and he even trusted his best secret attack, but his opponent was way above him. He had challenged someone way out of his league.

“Haaahh…”

Thor, now unrecognizable, rolled on the floor, covering himself with dirt as the others held their breaths. Only the referee’s call broke their silence.

“Game, over!”

#2

The quite impactful battle between Thor and Jaehwang ended with a commentary by the martial arts master Choi Jin-Ha as having been “nice and energetic”.

Based on the horrifying results, the guests from the Phoenix Raid Team and the Blackthorn Raid Team was worried that the Invincible had intentions other than a good fellowship between the teams, but it was brushed off when the Prince assured that that was an average level of sparring at the Invincible Palace as he poured drinks in Jaehwang’s cup.

“A fight is a journey towards which one finds his weaknesses. I hope both Jaehwang and Thor, through this competition, found something they can improve themselves up on. Moreover, if anyone opens their mouth again about the outcome of this battle, the Invincible will go after them!”

Since the Prince himself was the one to settle the results of the battle, everyone at the stadium decided to remember this fight in their memory. No outside reporter could enter this palace anyway, so only the direct witnesses had to be quiet.

Furthermore, Thor himself said nothing in regards to this fight. Instead, he pleaded to the Prince to let the entire members of the Berserker Raid to have a special training at the Invincible Palace. The Prince rejected it initially, stating that he cannot do that to visiting guests, but Thor insisted, saying that the Prince can treat the Berserker Raid Team as he wishes. As soon as he received permission from the Prince, Thor cancelled all the following plans for his group, and he decided on a long-term stay at the Invincible Palace.

Even after such an embarrassing defeat, Thor walked around the Invincible with his raid team, laughing and marvelling at the masters of the place. Watching this Thor, Emperor must have thought, ‘that was supposed to be my plan!’

#3

“Thanks in advance for this month!”

Jaehwang looked at this blonde man in front of him with distaste. He was just coming back from his morning training when he ran into the Berserker Raid Team. His eyes caught that of Thor, who was at the front and he tried to ignore him. But with Thor not wanting to pass him, he interrupted Jaehwang and bowed his head.

“What?”

“I received permission to train at the Invincible Palace for a month! It’s my honor to train with you!” With such loud and thick voice, Thor bowed his head with all of the stocky men behind him following his lead.

“Yeah… sure… good luck with your training.”

Jaehwang tried to pass through them. He had his own training room, so he would not be running into them during his own training.

“We ask you to train us!” Thor exclaimed and Jaehwang frowned before asking,

“What, are you going to try me yourself?”

Jaehwang was provoking Thor as if he was nothing. He was about to whip him again if Thor takes his provocation but Thor understood Jaehwang’s intentions. His face beamed and he yelled, “Thank you!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 222: Not-so-ordinary Life 1




#1

It is a season of scorching heat, summer.

“Ugh, ugh... this is what they meant by prominent four seasons...!”

When Thor first heard the Koreans talking about the ‘prominence of each season’ in their country, he did not really understand what they meant. Frankly, he made fun of them internally, thinking, ‘do they not have anything to boast about that they boast about their seasons?’

Most of the countries worldwide have four seasons, they just differ in their degree and duration. Reaching the end of his one-month training in Korea, he finally experienced their summer and by then, the understood what the Koreans meant by the prominence of their seasons.

It was just a few days ago where the spring air still had a bit of chill, but now, he felt like he was being roasted under the sun. The stark contrast between the seasons was so prominent indeed.

“If you are so tired, you can lessen your load.”

“Aghh...argghh... I cannot... do that...”

Without a single breath, Jaehwang was running lightly beside Thor as he dragged his feet He then shook his head in Thor’s stubbornness and increased his pace.

“AHHHHH!!!”

As Jaehwang increased his speed, Thor let out something in between scream and a roar and ran after Jaehwang. For a light jog, Thor can run all year long but the reason why he was struggling so much was that the incline of hill was at almost 60 degrees and he was also carrying a heavy load.

Thor could barely find his center of gravity and the stones were also slippery.

The weight on him was a staggering 400kg, the same weight as the one Jaehwang was carrying. These specially made weights were created only to bring pressure on the carrier’s body. It had such a great heat transfer property as well that it transfers all its received heat onto the body of the carrier. As the Prince described, this was not only an equipment of physical training but also endurance training, but to the carrier, it would work out like a curse.

“Master Jaehwang does not necessarily have to slow down for Thor,” said Irumi, who was running in front of Jaehwang.

She did not like Thor since because of him, Jaehwang’s training was being disrupted. If Jaehwang was not going at Thor’s speed, he would’ve been way ahead of her. Of course, the weight that she carried was 200kg.

“They are both cute though.”

The rest of Thor’s raid team asked for a normal boot camp, but Thor specifically wanted to train alongside Jaehwang. Jaehwang tried to reject him, but he was very stubborn and although Thor gave him a condescending first impression, he was quite disciplined as a trainee. He promised that if he ever gives up during the training, he will never bother Jaehwang again and since then, Thor has been training alongside him.

Also, Emperor was training with them and Thor did not want to give up while Emperor was there too. As they were heading for downhill, Thor and Emperor passed Jaehwang for the first time.

“AAAHHHHH!”

“UGHHH”

The two fell down the hill with a loud noise and they kept going even as they were bleeding.

‘They were not globally ranked fighters for no reason,’ thought Jaehwang as he started to speed up.

“Help... me!”

Thor and Emperor’s screams continued for another hour, but in the end, they arrived at the Grand Stadium.

“Here! Ughhhhhh”

Thor held onto his knee as Emperor followed behind him by falling to the ground. He then stumbled towards Emperor and shook his shoulders.

“Come on, we have to run some more.”

“Enough is enough!” (in English) *coughing*

Emperor seemed to have lost his translator as he was rolling on the floor.

Clank. Clank.

Jaehwang took off his armor and wiped his sweat with the handkerchief Irumi gave him.

“It was difficult training so let us meet after lunch together. I will especially raise the intensity today so both of you are going to spar with me, two on one.”

“OMG!”

“Ugh... monster”

Even without the translator, they seemed to understand what Jaehwang was telling them. Emperor and Thor looked at Jaehwang with contempt. They were thankful that Jaehwang extended their break time, but they knew the nature of the two on one training so they were not too excited about it. Prior to this, Emperor’s Phoenix Raid Team and Thor’s Berserker Raid Team would take 5 volunteers and take turns in group training.

The members of the two raid teams all volunteered, looking forward to train with an Asian beauty like Irumi, but once they found out that their only opponent is Jaehwang, they were all disappointed.

Jaehwang could not face all of them single-handed either, so he started using his arrow but once he started to use his main skill, the trainees had begun to relive their nightmare. Without the beautiful lady in their reach, most of their members avoided the training after just a few sessions.

Just the two leaders, namely, Emperor and Thor kept participating out of obligation, but the intensity of this above-6-star Hunters’ games needed at least a 5-star Healers’ assistance. With such a special training, Emperor and Thor looked at Jaehwang with bittersweet faces.

“Let me know when you guys want to give up anytime. Empress left us first.”

Empress left two days after her set departure date.

On the last day of training, Empress mentioned that she just wanted to check out how a 10-star Hunter looked like. She did not have a raid as a priority in mind, just like Emperor and Thor. She thought of using her beauty to get closer to Jaehwang but seeing how he half-tortured the global rankings with Emperor and Thor, she was disgusted and set out for Europe.

“No!” Responded Thor with his determined eyes which made Jaehwang look at him pleasantly.

Jaehwang left to go to his newly assigned room. Training with the two others was actually helping him. He had been just fighting in monster raids for a long time, and his intuition in a fight between humans was getting rusty. Having several opponents to fight with was good practice for him.

Intentionally or not, Thor and Emperor were also starting to become friendly with each other. They shared a lot during their continued training. The reason why Thor despised short rangers was because of trauma from the time when he was a member of the Highlander Raid Team. There was a short ranger he was not on good terms with, and because this short ranger unexpectedly left the team, his close mentor died in his place when he tried to save thor.

It was a time when much could be learned from Emperor too. Before Jaehwang’s appearance, Emperor used to be the top hunter for a very long time. Hence, Emperor taught Jaehwang various things that the #1 must be concerned with other than the battle itself. He even connected Jaehwang to many networks around the world that even the Invincible Palace did not have.

The day they were leaving, Jaehwang went out to the airport for a goodbye, promising to do a raid 9-tier monster raid with them one day.

#2

Upon returning to the Invincible Palace, Jaehwang walked alone.

He trained for almost a month but he could not let himself out to anyone about the empty void in his heart. He walked hurriedly to his room.

The new accommodation suggested by Na Gil-Han was a palace where the Prince was residing, and it was incomparable in its size to his previous place. Of course, the palace was also quite empty. The rapid growth of the Invincible Palace was thanks to the Prince’s influence, but without the Prince, the palace felt empty.

*footsteps*

Jaehwang headed to his personal training ground located in the basement. Before, he had to walk about 5 minutes to get to his training room, but at the palace, a higher quality facility connected the main building to the basement.

Jaehwang practiced his controlled breathing in front of his training ground for a bit.

Today was a little special day. After unlocking the several security measures of the facility, Jaehwang stepped into the floor, he locked all the doors from the inside and gazed into the middle of the training ground.

A crossed-legged lady sitting came into his sight.

She was about 1-metre above the ground, floating, with her eyes closed. A streak of great red mana was surrounding her body like a wrap. The aura was expanding and constricting like a heartbeat, and the lady in the middle of it was slightly smiling as if she was enjoying her peace.

It was the woman who gave him a month of emptiness.

It could be quite stressful to live with someone on one’s mind constantly, but it would be worse if one were to be cut off from something he/she had already familiarized with.

Her smile, in the midst of the bright red wave of hair, was so beautiful that even Jaehwang has lost himself for a bit. While he was mesmerized by his magical beauty, he suddenly shed light on his eyes as he looked at his energy being absorbed into her body. It was finally over.

Once all the red energy was absorbed, she was on the ground and her eyes opened with a beam.

And her eyes were blindingly clear. It was not just an ordinary brightness. It was so deep as if it contained the entire universe inside a quiet light. It was like a jewel that was connecting all the beauty of this world into one.

Goongi opened her eyes and smiled brightly toward Jaehwang. He missed this smile.

Jaehwang wanted to say something charming, but instead, he came out quite cold. “Are you done?”

“Yes,” Goongi replied enthusiastically as she tried to come and embrace Jaehwang.

Looking at her body, he felt like he was blushing.

“Your clothes...”

“Oh right,”

As he shyly asked, she shook her hand into the air once, summoning a wave of fabric that wrapped her body before turning into a neat red dress.

“May I get the taste of my master’s embrace now?”

*hugs*

Goongi threw herself in Jaehwang’s arms.

“It took you so long.”

She was gone for three staggering weeks and at At Jaehwang’s remark, Goongi nodded and replied,

“Yes. But I found all of them now”

“I’m glad.”

“Yes.”

Jaehwang sighed. Compared to before, it took her way too long. Three weeks... the 10-tier mana stone of Oogamushi was different from the 9-tier mana stone. If the 9-tier mana stone had 2 layers, the 10-tier mana stone contained a small universe like the Goongi’s eye.

Since it took so long, Jaehwang was worried that something might go wrong. He trusted Goongi and knew that if he touched her during her session, it could be dangerous so he held himself back. And now, she was full of confidence and he could feel an endless undistilled power in her body.

“Were you able to get half of your body now?”

“Yes, and...”

“And...?”

“I can do everything a human woman can do now”

“?!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 223: Not-so-ordinary Life 2




#1

After successful visits from world rankings rank #2,3,4, Jaehwang finally started preparing for his entry for the 9-tier monster raid. Many people were added to the martial arts team. If the previous team were around 70 in number, this time, they had already around 100 for the site personnel and the communication team. Then, 80 were added to the monster volunteer team which was tasked to analyze all the monsters that he would fight during his raid while also handling the sales.

Jaehwang was alone, but there were around 250 people working with him and they’re still thinking that their numbers were too small.

In addition, 100 secret agents from the Invincible have moved to the Martial Arts House. They were there to protect not only Jaehwang but the entire team.

The media somehow got a hold of this information and kept close in terms of updates on the movements of the Invincible Palace and the Martial Arts House, and after about a month, the National Hunters’ Bureau of Korea hosted a conference to determine the sequence on how they would do their raids.

It was obvious that the entire world’s attention was on this issue.

9-tier monsters were a terror to every nation in the world and their territories were only part of the problem. In the past, every country’s influence was evaluated through the size of their economy or their army, but now, the level of danger given by those monsters became their main and biggest criteria. 9-tier monsters, like the ‘Big Mac Index’ of the past, became the sole criteria for determining the threat of a country.

Hence, everyone hurried to attend this conference. The numbers reached hundreds and if the small countries participated, it would have reached thousands in attendance.

The sequence assignment followed a strict criterion, with the exception of one annoying country stuck to Korea’s behind. The sequence was divided into order of most urgent regions selected by a random lottery to which a raid would be prepared accordingly.

But not everyone was excited about the Invincible Raid.

It was not a matter of the sequence. They seemed to favour the method of ordering on the humanitarian level, and although they internally wanted their country to gain a sense of priority a little faster, they did not express it outwardly.

What they were concerned about was the Imperial Emperor’s methods in a raid.

[The Imperial Emperor refers to natural cooperation with raids from other countries, but in fact, the 9-tier monster has announced that it has not changed its policy of sticking to the form of solo raids.]

The so-called raid experts had all gathered to send warnings against the Invincible’s method. A raid was done against the Black Cyclops, the Behemoth, and Oogamushi, but Invincible’s plan against the 9-tier monster was criticized to be too hasty and risky.

[The Master Archer, drunk with the title of the 10-star Hunter, is too early for a solo raid.]

[More research on 9-tier monster needed, followed by cooperated raid...]

[9-tier monster raid, overconfidence caused by a monopoly.]

These levels of headings were rather gentle ones considering Jaehwang’s position.

[10-star Hunters need to be managed differently from the cultural assets and existing Hunters. Attention World Hunter Secretariat!]

[Reviewing Amendments to the Hunter Act on the World Hunter Secretariat... Does it include mandatory legal provisions for 10-star Hunters?]

They even said that the Jaehwang’s solo raid should be managed by the World Hunter Office.

Of course, the Invincible did not have a press conference on those words. They said it was not worth listening to.

Then, these experts who loves to be controversial started gossiping, they created a rumor made from their delusions as if it was real.

They were anticipating on the way how the Invincible would react.

But through all these storms, the first official 9-tier monster raid began and all the experts who were criticizing Jaehwang soon shut themselves up.

In the first raid, Jaehwang showed all the worried experts that they’re concerns were nothing but that.

[The Master Archer... Three 9-tier monsters that plagued the southern states of South America were defeated in just one week.]

[Revolution in the history of Raids, the Master Archer is sweeping 9-tier monsters!]

[Who called him hasty?]

The experts who were so quick to spread rumours and criticize Jaehwang soon turned to his side and raved his performance. Of course, Jaehwang was unmoved by this crowd’s movement, he didn’t care about it at all.

What Jaehwang learned from Emperor was that the media was like reeds in the wind.

“Do not mind these worthless things. That the job of your lawyers.”

Jaehwang followed these instructions wholeheartedly.

The lawyers from Invincible carefully gathered all the rumors and criticisms from these experts and held it against them to shut them up.

[A New Era of Raids Began!]

Emperor raided 9-tier monsters on an assortment of ultra-quad quadcopters, known as the Atlas, with four rotors that were more than twice as large as the previous copter Titania.

The Emperor, who had raided three of the eleven 9-tier monsters in southern parts of South America in a week, took some rest and continued to fight eight of them just as they planned. The last 9-tier monsters were dark monsters with a lot of additional monsters around them which took a lot of time to deal with, but it was also neat for them to finish them off with a long-range weapon.

There were other monsters there as well, especially with the gates of the second world still open, but the changes brought by these raids had given a lot of land to the hand of the humans once again.

After dealing with all 9- tier monsters in South America and by the request of the Invincible, Jaehwang raided some 9-tier monsters on the borders between Korea and China.

Some experts have raised concerns that flying 9-tier monsters and short-range monsters can be dangerous, but Jaehwang defeated them rather easily. Those flying monsters dropped down even before they could approach Jaehwang and those short-ranged monsters were shot 5km away from their maximum range.

They were shot down from 15km away and it’s not simply just far. In fact, an average person’s eyes can hardly discern the shape of something beyond 6 km, but for Jaehwang, such distance was meaningless. Even for those monsters that seemed to be too far away for others, he attacked them as if they were right in front of him.

People wondered and wanted to know about the skills of Jaehwang, but there was no reason for him to reveal them. Although some hunters mimicked Jaehwang, the conclusion was that no one was able to shoot at the same range as him.

[It is not a matter of distance since its extent can be fully reproduced through modern military technology. What matters is his attack power. His arrow is very deadly to monsters. Rather than simply damaging the monster with force, his special mana affects the overall to a monster’s life.]

A reputable laboratory began to study Jaehwang and noticed the unusual light that he uses only when hunting for 9 tier monsters. They also asked Jaehwang to help them analyze his power and the request was, of course, ignored.

When Jaehwang was raiding the 9-tier monsters restlessly and had defeated about five of them inhabiting the western US, one urgent raid request was received.

#2

Irumi opened her mouth with her arms crossed. “Please explain it in detail, Mister World Hunter Office Representative”

At her cold question, a middle-aged black man opened his mouth.

“It was Muhammad Paraid, President of Somalia’s interim federal government, who sent an urgent raid request. Raid Request Monsters are called Relief over there but they are just basically Adult Giant Spiders. The battlefield is 100 meters in length and all of its spheres are made of spider webs and have thousands of spider monsters crawling through the fields.”

“That, I am aware. I’ve been curious about the urgent raid request for a tier 9 monster that’s been completely settled down for over a decade.”

The Representative was perplexed at Irumi’s stern question.

No matter how much the World Hunter Secretariat and Jaehwang try to reconcile them with each other, Invincible and the World Hunter Secretariat was not in good terms. This whole situation was uncomfortable to the Representative.

“The Giant Spiders were occupying the region of Pantland, a puppet nation founded by Abdul Hussein, a warlord of warlords, who had Islamism-based war terrorist groups al-Shabab which had been in central and southern Somalia. They started developing gold mines for the West, and the problem is that it provoked the monsters dwelling around it and everything ended up with them attacking the nearby villages.”

The Representative started sweating as he explained because Irumi’s piercing energy was pressing him.

“Can they not just give up on the gold mines? Does the World Hunter Secretariat really not have that much power?”

“While World Hunter Secretariat and the United Nations are continuously pressuring them, they are quite an extremist group, they were warlord-centered and built by force after all. If it goes like this, it is expected that an S-class monster wave will occur within a month at the latest.”

“Is Abdul Hussein the main problem?”

“Yes. He is a dictator who doesn’t care about the deaths of civilians. The Black Skeleton, his villains composed of an armed force of 10,000, is notorious for being brutal, but the pain directed to the civilians is overwhelming as he rules the people with extreme Islamic principles.”

“What about the estimated casualties?”

“About a hundred and ten thousand, just for the first wave.”

“What about evacuation?”

“They won’t let them go.”

Irumi’s eyes glared in rage at the response of the Representative.

“So the 110,000 lives are not even considered. You are asking us to raid the monsters and risk their lives while we’re at it?”

“Yeah. That’s why we are forced to ask for an urgent raid. Abdul Hussein won’t do anything if Monster Wave is going on. Also, if the wave stimulates the surrounding monster habitat, the entirety of Somalia is at risk. ”

“Wouldn’t we be able to disintegrate that puppet nation by force if we were to remove Abdul Hussein from the equation?”

“He is famous for never coming out of his palace and being guarded by the Black Skull as well as his army while never revealing his work. In addition, his people, who were controlled by Islamic principles, were also enslaved to his armed forces and lost their willingness to resist. “

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 224: Not-so-ordinary Life 3




#1

Irumi looked at the Representative in dissatisfaction but Pajoul, a member of the World Hunter Office, said nothing.

It was neither about the negotiation nor the meeting. He could only wait silently for her disposal.

Unimaginable in the past, this was now the difference between the power of Jaehwang and the World Hunter Secretariat. It is unknown to the media, but Jaehwang carried out his raids with the World Hunter Secretariat as a third party.

They know their sins too.

No matter how much the secretary took the gesture of reconciliation, the secretariat still had a sense of dissatisfaction with Jaehwang because the secretariat did not return to its own power. The Secretariat were guilty of preparing for the revision of the special law on 10-star hunters.

Of course, they are almost indifferent to their past actions.

The World Hunter Secretariat then went on to close the information window and stop providing information about the monsters themselves. The information that they had about the tier 9 monsters was very valuable and by then, the data began to accumulate until they became the driving force that Emperor couldn’t even ignore.

The more information they have, the safer the raid becomes.

The World Hunter Secretariat used the information acquired by the blood and sweat of many hunters to compromise with Jaehwang and share its benefits through the 9 Tier Monster Raids, however, Jaehwang did not listen to them.

Such information was not provided to Invincible, and that is why Invincible created an information team on a larger scale. Soon, the World Hunter Secretariat reduced the mistakes that they had made when Jaehwang’s 9-tier monster raid began to exceed two digits.

The information network that Invincible has spread all over the world has exceeded their expectations.

In addition, the ability of Jaehwang was more sophisticated than what they imagined. It wasn’t just his capability to kill an enemy from a distance that brought him such title.

Why were tier 9 monsters so scary? The area around the tier 9 monsters is like a monster’s paradise where new tier 7 and 8 monsters were born. It doesn’t stop there because they would eventually grow themselves and expand their habitat.

Jaehwang’s martial arts team destroyed all these secondary obstacles without the help of the World Hunter Secretariat. Without even the usual wave, the 9-tier monsters were being cleaned up like a dentist pulling out a rotten tooth.

Anyway, for that reason, Pajoul, sent by the World Hunters’ Office, had no intention of negotiating with Invincible.

“Unfortunately, that doesn’t allow us to adjust the schedule of Jaehwang.” Irumi shook her head.

“110 thousand...”

Again, speaking of the number of civilians to be sacrificed, Pajoul tried to appeal to them once more.

“Listen, this can’t be negotiated.”

With her words, a groan came out of Pajoul’s mouth.

If she said it that way, then, he would have nothing to say. It was he who mentioned the impossible.

“But you negotiate well with your own Red Warriors ...”

Invincible and Villain’s relationship...

Everyone knows it, but no one can get it out of their mouth. It is said that the Martial Arts House is different from Invincible, but who in the world would believe it? Even now, he is running with full support from Invincible. In addition, it was a secret that was not for everyone to know that Invincible uses the Red Warrior, a Korean group, in the background.

It was then. Irumi, who kept a stern face, sighed low and told Pajoul, “But I am so sorry for their suffering as they lost their family due to monsters. So I will report this to Jaehwang.”

It was though she completely changed her attitude.

“Thank you.”

Pajoul bowed his head halfway. He was personally focused on the situation because of his ties with a world-renowned resource company that had a monopoly on the resources produced in Somalia. Unfortunately for the 110,000 deaths, the wave of civilian damage has been a constant disaster. But rather than the lives of these people, the fruits of the raid was the real purpose behind this matter.

If Jaehwang would raid the giant spider, the price of the land in the vicinity will skyrocket and all the resources buried in that land occupied by those monsters will be theirs.

Pajoul’s face lit up but Irumi’s words were not over yet.

“However, there’s a condition that I’d like to raise.” Her cold voice woke Pajoul from his daydream.

“Yes? which...”

“The ownership of the area raided by Jaehwang, by section 81 of the Hunter Act.”

Irumi’s words surprised him and a cold sweat rolled down his forehead.

Article 81 of the Hunter Act refers to them granting sovereignty over a period of time upon the retrieval of anti-social organizations or non-governmental monsters from a clan or other countries, upon examination by the World Hunter Office. Although the screening of the World Hunter Secretariat is difficult, it is also a means to legally govern other countries.

It was enacted a long time ago and was created by the World Hunters’ Office to encourage hunters to actively hunt for monsters. Of course, the law has not yet been applied and it is also difficult to drive off the monsters of their own country because there was an active intervention by the state to prevent the consumption of Hunter’s troops to raid other countries’ monsters.

“But you will need a large force as a prerequisite. In addition, Abdul Hussein could have a conflict with the smaller warlords around him. This would need not just the blood of civilians but hunters as well.” Pajoul tried to persuade her out of her request but since he was not prepared for it, he did not know what to say.

“It doesn’t seem to be something you should be worried about. If you accept this, we will try to stabilize the region after and clean up not only monsters but also the Villain’s forces.”

“That’s ... hmmm.” Pajoul shook his head. He was sweating hard.

That is the worst scenario that he could think of, he soon realized that he shouldn’t have come here. He also realized that the information had been exposed beforehand because he was not careful. Otherwise, she could not come up with these conditions.

“We’ll talk to the secretariat.” Mr. Pajoul felt that he needed to talk to those behind him so he decided to step back.

“I will wait for a good answer,” Irumi said, smiling as she watched Pajoul wipe his sweaty forehead.

#2

“Thank you, Moon.”

“You’re caught in the middle.”

“It’s okay. But, would they accept it?”

“Let’s make them accept it. No, they will have to accept it. They haven’t been able to even touch the 9-tier monsters. From now on, Invincible will put pressure on all of their sides.” Irumi nodded.

At present, all rights to the remains of the tier 9 monsters were in the hands of Invincible, or to be exact, Jaehwang. And Irumi, who delegated all powers, was able to use them to knead numerous global companies. Irumi endeavored to use that power efficiently with Moon.

And this was the first fruit.

If you remove a warlord named Abdul Hussein and the tier 9 monster along with him, half of the land size of Korea will be in Invincible’s hands. Although it would be a temporary rule, no one knows when it will end. In short, sovereignty can be extended if the people wants it.

Of course, she wasn’t playing a land monopoly out of boredom or anything.

It was Irumi who heard from Jaehwang why he needed to increase his power through the aggressive management of the military. A large expedition to the Dark Earth will be needed in the future and this was not something that he could do alone. They had to attract powerful hunters scattered around the world and to get them, they must have something interesting to offer.

Somalia was to be their starting point.

Somalia was a land that had been without a government for nearly a century and even if they did not have tier 9 monsters, the land was still overflowing with monsters nevertheless.

Through the monster resources, they need to prepare a strong military force to match the monsters of the Dark Earth.

The World Hunter Secretariat should also be tamed. In the early days of its founding, it was born in the name of human survival.

All the corrupt parts should be cut off and in the name of Jaehwang, they will focus on building force, money, and power.

This was in line with her mission to prune everything and make it right.

“How is the scouting going?”

“There were tons of volunteers. The Republic of Korea is now a country clean from monsters and the hunters are overflowing.” Irumi nodded.

The Republic of Korea has now become the fastest nation in the world who drove away those monsters. The 9-tier monsters have been wiped out and its land right up to its borders had been returned to humans.

Hunters could earn money only by catching monsters and they were getting anxious to the point that even the gates of Dark Earth, which had been closed, would soon be opened.

“If you let them be, they will stand up to attack Elus.”

“Not bad from their point of view, but now, it’s time to prepare for Dark Earth rather than Elus.” She was planning to put them all in Somalia.

“Pajoul was so scared of the 10,000 strong Villain organized by Abdul Hussein? Laughable.”

Most of these villains were just low-level hunters with guns. The only ones that they could scare are the civilians and once the Korean hunters were put into play, they would be washed away within a week.

The hunters in Korea were famous all over the world without even mentioning Jaehwang. What were the characteristics of Koreans? If they were focused on something, they will dig through it violently.

Hunters of other countries have some hunting skills, but when they reach a certain level, they would hesitate to challenge higher leveled monsters. Reasonably safe hunting is possible, but they don’t want to risk their lives. They don’t care much about the level, however, South Korean hunters were a little different from them. They are a breed that must see everything to the end, and it was the same as breaching through the hunter levels.

This spirit of competitiveness was so excessive that there were only a few 3 to 7-star hunters in the country, while countless hunters were in the levels above them.

“It is time to show the true power of Invincible. My brother also gave us his approval.”

Irumi opened her eyes wide to Moon’s words.

If what moon said was true, then she didn’t have to supply them with hunters anymore. That meant that he decided to bring out the powerful forces of Invincible scattered around the world.

“I would need more land.”

“Yes. Starting now, your role would be great.”

“Indeed.”

“Then, good luck.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 225: Building the Base – 1




Somalia is a kind of place that the sun scorched to the point that the greens were wiped from their lands. Their old white buildings were bruised by bullets, their streets were dotted by craters born out of grenades with the occasional piles of trash made worse by the rampaging sandstorms that sometimes come knocking at their doors. All men that walked around their neighborhood seemed like they were born angry with sentiments coloring their eyes, especially for their guards that behaved like animals in the wild.

The 20-meter wall around the city suffocates this war-torn cityscape of clustered buildings. Armed men would watch the city from atop the walls, along with the blazing sunlight.

The streets are depressing like a small cemetery. Old homeless men were digging through the trash bins and the kids were sitting in alleyways while glaring at the street, no one was smiling.

And, in the middle of everything lies a little Somali girl wrapped in a black dress and Abaya walking carefully.

*gasping for breath*

The girl, who had been short of breath for the longest of times, hid under the eaves with the smell of blood and dirt sweeping through the wind...

With dozens of half-naked men hauling monster by-products, the girl carefully caught up to the side of one of them who was carrying a chunk of bloody meat, with sweat running down his dark skin.

“Dad! Dad!”

The man, who was suffering from physical labor, looked at the girl and widened his eyes. There, he covered her body and with his own.

“Fatuma! Why are you here? ” The man said as he tried to protect the girl from the men around her.

“Dad, mommy is acting weird!”

At Fatuma’s words, the dad looked around him with a concerned face. He knew that his wife was sick back in his home but if he did not finish his work, he won’t be able to give them some food. His wife’s illness, after all, was the result of malnutrition. She was hanging on for a while, but her health finally started deteriorating.

“Go back now! There is some hidden flour under the chimney, feed them to her!”

Fatuma’s father pushed her away violently. If he did not do this now, she could be seen by other people. Like now.

“Farrah! Why have you stopped??”

A gunned man approached Fatuma’s father.

“No, it’s nothing!” Farrah bowed repeatedly with his face wet with sweat and that did not come from his body tortured by work. This was the worst-case scenario that he had imagined.

“Well, you better speed up... huh?” The gunned man pointed his pistol against Farrah to direct him to go back to work but then, he caught sight of a girl staring at them from the alleyway.

“Ooh. Who are you??”

At the man’s gesture, Fatuma’s legs weakened. She wanted to run away, but she found herself paralyzed. The gunned man frowned towards Fatuma and walked to her.

*RRRIIPPPPP*

The man ripped off the Abaya off of Fatuma’s little head, and his face lit with passion. She was maybe 10 years of age, but it seemed that it did not matter to him. He dragged Fatuma into the alleyway.

“Dad! Dad!” As Fatuma screamed for her dad, her father immediately abandoned the monster by-products and ran toward the alleyway.

“NOOO!” Fatuma’s father wanted to jump at him but he couldn’t. There was a pistol pointed at his head.

“Go away. I’ll take her back to you in a bit.”

“Supervisor, please...!”

In a heartbeat, Farrah wanted to save his daughter but he knew that just a small movement would urge the man to kill him. He felt his daughter’s pain by just watching her.

“How dare you disobey me!!”

*BOOM*

“AAGGHHHH”

“Dad! Dad!”

The supervisor smashed Farrah with the handle of his pistol. As her father collapsed to the ground with his bleeding head, Fatuma continued to scream.

“I’ll deal with you when I get back”

The supervisor turned away from Farrah and dragged Fatuma into the alleyway with her eyes that were full of tears, still fixed on her father.

In the alleyway, there was a sofa stationed there for use during their break time. It was also suitable for use in such occasions as harassing women like now.

“Haha...”

The supervisor threw the girl on the dirty sofa and roughly stripped the girl’s Abaya. He revealed the body of a frightened and crying little girl. The supervisor took his hands to the girl’s waist and ripped her clothes off.

“No! I don’t want this!”

*RRRIPPPP*

*girl screaming*

The supervisor slapped her to shut her up before taking off his belt. With him being on top, his eyes were filled with lust as he gazed down at the girl’s bottom half. Then, he brought down his pants and reached out towards the girl.

A big hand crept up from the back and grabbed the supervisor’s neck.

“This asshole... for just a girl...”

*gasping for air*

The supervisor tried to resist but the power of the grip on his neck was too strong. He felt like his head was spinning.

What came behind the supervisor was a strongly-built man, at least a head taller than him. The man had his head and mouth covered with a cloth. He lifted the supervisor and scanned him up and down, and with a dry voice, he said, “Boundary!”

Two men appeared behind the tall man like a shadow. One of the two men looked at the girl on the floor and the other walked away to watch the alley.

*supervisor writhing in pain*

As the supervisor tried to take the man’s hand away from his neck, the man placed him against the wall and empowered his grip.

*bone breaking*

The man squeezed the supervisor’s neck until it was unnaturally. The supervisor’s spine and esophagus were completely broken.

After making sure that the supervisor was dead, the tall man dropped him on the ground. The other man who was checking on Fatuma said, “Cheolho. Why did you kill him? What are we going to do now?”

“It’s obvious he came to do bad things”

“How do you know if she’s his wife or not? You know that they don’t care if you’re underage here.”

“What kind of a jackass points a gun at his wife?”

“True, but we have to stay down low until we get our orders”

“Whatever. I’ll just hide his body in my suitcase”

“Ugh, that’s not, ugh”

As the two men were arguing, the other one who was keeping watch took hold of Farrah, who gained consciousness and was stumbling towards Fatuma.

“Shh. Be quiet”

*muffled speech*

The horrified man rolled his eyes and found a girl who was limp on the couch.

“What!”

As Farrah rushed in, the man standing next to the girl tried to reach out to Farrah, but the man who broke the neck of the supervisor intercepted his hand.

“Fatuma!”

The man busily checked the girl’s body as he held her close to him. Then, after seeing her bloody lips and swollen cheeks, he climbed over the body of the dead supervisor with his neck deformed on the floor and squeezed his neck once again.

“Die! Die!”

“Hey, hey, stop.”

The girl’s father, looking back at the owner of the hand on his shoulders, felt the energy of a predator looking down at him.

“Who are you ...”

Farrah quickly tried to hide Fatuma with her Abaya.

Cheolho, who was looking down, said with a sigh, “Hey, do you understand what we are saying?”

At the man’s question, the girl’s dad nodded his head frantically. He did not want to be on the bad side of these dangerous men.

“Why shouldn’t we go to a more comfortable place with good people?”

The expression of the man looked so innocent for a man who just broke the neck of another like a dry twig. Farrah felt like if he didn’t agree with this man, he was going to end up in a very bad situation.

The girl’s father led them to his home.

The supervisor’s body was neatly tucked away by Cheolho in his suitcase. He skillfully carried out the duty by folding his body like a waste before putting it away. Since the supervisor died and disappeared, Farrah would be under suspicion, but he placed the three in his house anyway.

As soon as he entered the house, Farrah carefully laid down his daughter and went over to check on a woman who was lying down on a wooden bed in the room, sweating and wheezing. Then, he went over to fetch some hidden flour under the chimney and started boiling some water.

Cheolho’s eyes met that of Fatuma’s.

“Hello

As he waved his hands, the girl shrunk her body in fear. He felt a sense of compassion as he looked at the girl’s swollen face.

“Geez, why are you scaring the girl,” one of the men said to Cheolho as he took off the veil from his head.

“Dude, I wasn’t trying to...”

Cheolho scoured his suitcase to give the girl something to eat. The feet of the corpse was revealed for a while and the girl was horrified. He shoved it back in a few seconds later and picked up the food that he had before. Cheolho had a week’s worth of reserves, but if the operation goes as planned, he wouldn’t be using it today.

“Do you want it?”

The girl alternated her gaze between her dad and the chocolate that was being offered to her. He nodded his head, but she couldn’t just take it.

“Cheolho, obviously, her dad is making some porridge for the sick person here, how would this girl be able to take this chocolate?”

“Oh right... hey, come here,” Chelho said to Farrah.

“Yes, yes.” Cheolho handed Farrah some food.

“Take some and feed it to the woman.”

“Th..Thank you.”

Farrah took the food right away. And mixed it into the porridge he was making. The girl seemed relieved that her father received something, and quickly shoved the chocolate into her mouth.

“It’s okay, eat slowly...”

Cheolho spread out his reserve food while making a sad face. He himself had a girl at home. If he went by the plan, he should not have appeared until their set time, but he could not let this little girl get raped.

“Th...thank you”

“Nice little girl. Hey yo, take out some of your food too” Cheolho said to one of his guys.

“Why!? Why are you taking mine too!?”

“You won’t even need the whole thing! Why are you so stone-hearted? Are you living up to the Dark Knight Clan’s reputation?”

“Why are you talking about the clans now? Okay, fine.” He opened his suitcase as he grumbled. His baggage was full of food.

The girl was already sad about finishing her chocolate but she opened her eyes wide in amazement as she saw the array of food presented before her.

At that moment, the girl’s father came and knelt down in front of Cheolho.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 226: Building the Base – 2




#1

“Thank you for saving my daughter!!”

Farrah dug his head on the dry ground.

“Hmm.” Cheolho scratched his head as he looked down on the man. He saw Farrah reaching out and hiding a gun while he was making the porridge. He also knew that the man kept looking his way. He understood his sentiment. It was partially his fault as well. He didn’t make himself clear towards him.

“But we cannot live here any longer. They’ll come after my house today, so please, if you can take my daughter away when you leave...” Farrah begged.

“What are you going to do with yourself?” Chelho asked, holding himself back from swearing at him.

“We’ll take care of ourselves once you take our daughter.”

Cheolho grunted. He knew what Farrah meant by that. If he wasn’t mistaken, there was no way out of this place. The surrounding walls of this place were built not only to protect them from the invasion of monsters but to keep the inhabitants of the city from escaping as well. The fatherly love that he displayed was heartbreaking.

That kind of love is only possible if one were a parent.

At that time, his daughter, whose mouth was full of chocolate, cried at his father’s words.

“Daddy ... I don’t like it.”

“Fatuma. You have to follow him so you can live.”

“No, no,” she cried.

“Shh! You must be quiet! ” He shut his daughter’s mouth with his hand and whispered something in her ear. One of Cheolho’s men came up to him and said,

“Bro, you take responsibility, you got a 10-year old wife now.”

“Shut your bullshit!”

“So you should’ve left after saving her. What is this now?”

“I didn’t expect this to happen!”

Cheolho nudged his brother’s head. “Shush and just feed them”

“Huh?” Farrah was taken aback. Here he was trying to save his daughter’s life, but this guy was talking about something entirely different.

“Are you going to abandon us?”

“Abandon what? You’ll be swept away anyway”

“Swept away?”

As Farrah tilted his head in confusion, Cheolho shook his head and listened in into his headset.

Then, he sat down and started talking to his brother,

“They just passed through the Pantland border and are five minutes away from arriving.”

“What... 10 minutes earlier than expected... damn it, always so condescending, these Invincibles...”

“Agh, shut up and tell your clan master that you and Myungwoo will take this region. Also, tell them about how we moved our locations...”

“And you?”

“I’m a classified reserve, right? I’ll take care of some civilians here. It’s easy for you two anyway if I’m not there.”

“Not talking about the level of difficulty here, our clan master is picky about these things...”

“That’s why I’m asking you because your clan master is very fond of his own clan members... and if I leave these people, do you think they’ll survive? If anything, you guys can stay...”

“Okay fine...”

As his brother lingered and disappeared outside the house with the other one of them, Cheolho looked down at the father of the child, who was still lying on the ground.

“There’s a rooftop here right?”

“Yes, there is.”

“Then let’s go see some good stuff.”

“What do you mean...?”

“Stop talking and just lead me up. It’ll be a spectacle that you’ve never seen in your life”

Farrah led the way, confused. Cheolho laid down low first as he got up to the rooftop. The asphalt was heated up because of the sun.

“Let us wait together...”

Farrah looked at Cheolho questionably as he took out his tablet and started assembling it. His job was to establish the siege networks of the region after updating detailed terrain information. The palace, standing in the middle of the city, was truly alien. The people would crawl on the ground like ants with their rulers looking down at them from the skies. But, everything will be over today.

“The monster doesn’t communicate with us that well so it would just tell you what it would do, but you can’t trust that shit. At least he keeps his promise so you won’t have to run away from this place today. It’ll all be over soon.”

Cheolho shut off his tablet and looked into the sky.

“Ah, here it comes.”

Farrah followed Cheolho’s gaze but he did not see anything at the direction Cheolho was looking at. He looked at Cheolho with his face riddled with questions. Of course, it comes from the difference in vision between an expert and a common man, but Cheolho didn’t care to explain what’s going to happen. Farrah will see it for himself quickly.

As they were waiting on the rooftop, Fatuma quietly came through the doors and quickly ran into her father’s arms.

“Dad... Don’t let me go...”

“No, Fatuma.”

“Go...together...”

“Shhh. And don’t annoy this man...”

Farrah cried at his daughter’s plea.

Of course, who would want to part from their child? Farrah knew that since his supervisor died and he disappeared, they will come after him, and once they find out that the supervisor was dead, they will be tortured to death according to the rule of Sharia...

He hugged his daughter.

Even if he was going to die, he wanted to save her. He hugged her as if it were their last.

Cheolho held his head as if he was nauseated. He felt like a criminal while looking at this father and his daughter.

“Is this translator not working well? Why are you guys filming a soap opera? You don’t have to do that anymore.”

“Huh?”

“Look over there”

Farrah saw a black dot in the sky where Cheolho was pointing at.

“Don’t be surprised... you guys might think it’s some kind of godsend angel but it’s just monster in a human form so don’t be enticed.”

*BOOOOOOOOM*

A slow sound of an airplane engine started humming and the black dot suddenly came close.

It was a huge airplane. Well, it didn’t exactly look like an airplane. Four tiltrotors were on its every side with one spanning about 20 meters in diameter and its body, surrounded by thick gloves looked like a fortress floating in the sky.

“An unidentified aircraft appeared! Sound the alarm!”

“Get in action! Battle Formations! ”

*engine accelerating*

*gunfire*

They weren’t the only ones who found the aircraft. There were war cries ringing through the city along with the signal, some ascended to their stations and the other civilians rushed into their respective buildings. The anti-aircraft weapons which were installed through the walls were also now being readied for battle.

“Uh ... uh ... what is that ...”

Farrah unconsciously dribbled his feet in anxiety. This Asian beside him seemed so peaceful, so the aircraft must be an ally, but when the Great Republic begins to work, it will quickly be shot like beehive and fall soon after, killing all those inside it.

*shooting sound*

As expected, the missiles all over the walls were fired towards the aircraft.

“Dumbasses. They wasted their ammo!”

“No!”

Farrah tried to get up from his seat, but Cheolho held him down.

“Just watch it, man.”

“Huh?”

*BOOOMMBBAAAMMM*

Hundreds of white flares burst out at once, creating a few colorful wings of light as if they had already sensed it.

*KWWAAAAAAA*

The missiles exploded one after another, and soon, the bottom of the aircraft broke and something like a small shadow in the form of a human appeared. Then what was released was...

*BOOM*

They anticipated some big reaction, but what the aircraft fired was just some red ray of light. It seemed insignificant and those who were on the ground didn’t even care about it, but what they didn’t know was that the one who shot that beam was the Master Archer.

*SPLITTING LOUD NOISE*

Farrah’s eyes widened. He instinctively uttered, “Oh Allah...”

The red light exploded mid-air but it was not shot by something. Like fireworks, it split itself apart and fell to the ground like rain.

*LOUD EXPLOSIVE SOUND*

The red light covered the sky like carpet as it went down.

Farrah could not close his mouth. The red light was not falling down randomly, but it was specifically aimed at those armed men.

And soon after stopping in the middle of the city’s old-fashioned palace, an immense ray of light which was bigger than the last one appeared and covered it like the sun itself had descended. Soon, it covered the whole palace in an explosion so great that all that remained from it was silence.

In the face of an inescapable bombing, everyone lost their will to resist.

*DU..DU...DU..DU..*

The aircraft slowly vanished and Cheolho got up to stretch his limbs.

“Hey, I’m going to have to go down on the riots... Um... well, you can just go.”

He looked at the father and his daughter for a second before jumping off from their roof. Now, it was his turn to break some sweat.

#2

“The occupation of Pantland is complete”

“What about the casualties?”

“At your first attack, Jaehwang, 1,453 minor injuries and 659 major injuries and 45 were killed. Later, the hunter units were inserted for riot control that resulted in 541 minor injuries, 591 major injuries, and 112 deaths. We have a total of 3401 prisoners, 2592 of them were hunters and the rest were civilians. In terms of our allied Hunter units, there are 112 minor injuries, 34 major injuries, and no fatalities.”

Jaehwang nodded at Irumi’s report. His attack resulted in some deaths even if he didn’t use that much power. Even if the opponent was a major villain, he didn’t make it a habit to kill them off like flies.

“But their numbers didn’t match in terms of what we heard before,” Irumi replied at Jaehwang’s remarks with a stern face.

“My apologies, but I believe we have lost Abdul Hussein and 3000 of his Black Skull squad. At your attack, we believe they fled immediately to the Elus Gate inside the palace to retreat.”

“There was an Elus Gate in the palace?”

“Yes, about 20 meters in diameter, it was a relatively small one.”

“And did our troops follow them?”

“We are going to put in the secret squad soon.”

“Okay, anything else?”

“Nope, I have nothing else to report.”

“Good. From now on, we will start the reconstruction of Pantland.”

“Alright.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 227: Solitude – 1




#227

Solitude – 1

#1

Jaehwang acquired Pantland, or rather, the Central West region of Somalia.

Somalia’s interim government showed an unconditional welcome to his occupation of Pantland. They seemed to be ready to elect Jaehwang as the president of Somalia if he could drive out the world’s most radical Islamic militia.

The World Hunter Secretariat announced the occupation of Pantland and called for a review of its sovereignty. Then, they announced that they would soon begin rebuilding the city. The public expressed their concern that it was a hasty action because if the World Hunter Office delayed or withheld the examination, all the resources, and manpower that was put in could be lost.

Here was the word of Jo Yonggi, the Invincible’s adviser.

After the occupation, Jaehwang went back to Invincible and called for a meeting. He asked Jo about the rebuilding of Somalia. This was because Jo was the living legend who revived the Korean economy for the past 60 years, and he was the perfect candidate for this issue.

Somalia was running for almost 150 years of anarchy by now.

Of course, Somalia had tried different methods all this time but they all ended up as a failure. There would be many factors to it, but Somalia was almost like a vegetative nation that had no will to relieve its glory once again.

When Jaehwang asked about the prescription of Somalia to Jo, he summed up his answer in a simple manner.

“Just pour in a capital in so they cannot resist.”

“That’s all you need? Money?” Jaehwang asked questionably.

“Yup, but a lot of it. Flood them with money to the point that they could wash themselves from poverty.”

“I heard there were many tribal and religious conflicts surrounding that region, is it okay to ignore those factors?”

Jo swirled his coffee cup and replied, “That’s also true... Freaking Islam... or rather, the main problem is the Sharia law. Some experts might say that blind monetary support is not the best solution but the people who said that they didn’t have the money in the first place. This coffee is very good by the way.”

“Do you want me to give you some mixed coffee packs?”

“Sure. People who work under me here are all so pretentious that they only drink coffee with weird names. It’s nice to have something different for a change.”

Jo, who just made internationally renowned experts into penny-pinching losers, preferred the instant coffee mix one can get from any shops around the corner. Jaehwang shrugged and asked him again.

“So coming back to the main issue, how much do we need to pour in?”

Jo laughed at Jaehwang’s question.

This man who was the source of all the income does not even know how much he is making but that did not surprise him. His wealth was growing at an exponential rate. In fact, the wealth that Jaehwang was accumulating was already past the point of a measurable sum.

People would often assume that a monsters’ remains were the only things of value, but once they considered the existence of those belonging to the 9th tier, everything would change. An enormous amount of money would be paid to those who were able to capture those monsters or retake the land that they took. Now, Jaehwang’s money was coming in steadily.

Jaehwang did not even have to concern himself with reinvesting his income. Even if he just saved up all of these, his safe would still skyrocket. In fact, he had already divided his bank account among several countries in the world because of the insurmountable amount of money that he had. The government of Korea itself was worried that his money might be able to affect their economy negatively and they were the ones who pleaded with Jaehwang to diversify his income. The Republic of Korea was now too small to handle the price of Jaehwang’s raid.

Just from his recent income, Jaehwang was now probably the world’s richest man.

“If you just empty a few of the accounts that you have now, Somalia would be free from poverty. You can probably buy the entire country if you want but that, I don’t recommend of course. There’s not much value in the land except for some of its natural resources.”

Jaehwang nodded at Jo’s advice. He probably had enough money to go on with his plans.

“Great. Then, can you take care of the reconstruction project of Somalia yourself Adviser?”

“Sure thing.” Jo shrugged.

Jaehwang did not even ask how much that was. Jo was well aware of the situation of Jaehwang. It was still difficult for him to manage his assets and Jo was still helping him despite that. He also consulted the Prince separately regarding his finances.

“What level of reconstruction are you hoping for?”

“Help them forget about religion and their tribes if possible. There is no limit on how much you can use.”

“Wow. It’s been forever since I was given so much money to play with. You’re not going to be stingy like your brother?”

“Yes, of course, use as much as you need”

“Perfect. Then I’ll do what I can”

As he left Jaehwang’s office, Jo did not forget to take some instant coffee mix from the assistant’s office. He was a man of cheap taste.

#2

Jaehwang returned to Somalia and hurried to find Abdul Hussein. As soon as he completed his preparations, he led his troops to Elus.

Abdul Hussein was not a stupid man and instead of shutting down the gates, he set up several dangerous booby traps near the Elus gates. In multiple sites, there were TNT bombs that weigh a few tonnes and Hussein’s gangs were waiting on that before they attack their troops.

There would have been catastrophic results if the troops prematurely pursued them, but the first troops that lead the way were the group of elites. Less than half a day later and after disabling all their traps, their team quickly caught up with Abdul Hussein’s using Jaehwang’s chase skills.

Abdul Hussein tried to disrupt the chase by using the powerful monster’s habitat and its features. Like a guerrilla, he ran through the environment with an impeccable level of stealth. He seemed to have sought the escape route in advance and systematically hindered Jaehwang’s pursuit. But ironically, less than three days later, he was caught.

Hussein’s mistake was simple.

The first was that he thought that Jaehwang would move away from the monsters’ habitat, and the second was that he underestimated Jaehwang’s skills. Jaehwang went through monsters’ habitat, of course, and he encountered a lot of monsters just as what he had planned but they weren’t strong enough to stop him. He was a natural hunter and playing a game of chase was too simple for him. He soon reached the large plains of Elus and it was then when Abdul Hussein realized that he could not escape his pursuit.

So, he prepared himself for a fight and his plan was brutal.

He ordered his 3000 men to do a suicide attack after having them drugged and laced with bombs. His guards that were basically brainwashed rushed against Jaehwang’s troops like a herd of savage animals, but still, they were all dead men in his hands.

Abdul Hussein and his men’s complete destruction became a worldwide issue. Now, Jaehwang wasn’t just regarded as a competent 10-star hunter but also an unbeatable death machine.

‘Mass genocide, heartless assassin, global criticism.’

In Operation Pantland Takeover, there were a total of 156 fatalities with only 45 of them being killed directly from his attack but the people perceived it as him killing them without mercy. The world preferred to show a more stimulating headline and so, another 3000 deaths were now added to his hands.

‘World Hunter Secretariat 10-star Hunter Summon Announcement’

Even though they were villains, 3,156 was still a big number. Villains were criminals and were harmful to societies, but they were still humans and have the right to be tried. But because Jaehwang wiped them away like trash, a lot of human rights organizations poured in criticisms upon him.

‘The dignity of a human being must be recounted now that the world is being freed from the fear of monsters. Gone are the days of lawlessness, in which villains were subject to execution without trial. That is why the genocide in Somalia deserves to be criticized.’

The fire started when the Secretary-General of the World Human Rights Association mentioned Jaehwang’s name in an official statement.

Religious organizations have also begun to embark on the ruthlessness of Jaehwang. In particular, certain religions in the Republic of Korea held a joint worship in front of the Invincible Palace, and the pastors have raised their necks to voice the ruthlessness of Invincible.

“Everyone is a child of God. It is clearly stated in religious doctrines that even those who are bad are still a child of God. And no matter how wrong it is, at least there is no right for the state to deprive someone of his or her life because it is a God-given life and their dignity is endowed by our own constitution. And It’s not just a deprivation of life, it’s a basic right. By protecting the human rights of the villain, the human rights of everyone in our society are better protected.”

Every religion that was usually busy tearing each other apart was now busy with criticizing Jaehwang with a single voice.

Jaehwang, of course, made no statement like he didn’t care about all these criticisms. As if wanting them to misunderstand him if they wished so, he focused on hurrying upon the reconstruction of Somalia.

And Farrah, who just a few days ago almost had his wife dying of malnutrition and his daughter on the cusp of getting raped, had witnessed a flood of relief supplies as he watched their city getting rebuilt. There, he prayed to his god as thanks for sending his angel.

#3

“Delicious”

The moist tiramisu disappeared into her red lips.

“How did you find out about this place? Wow, my Jaehwang is all grown-up now! You’re treating a lady right!”

“...”

Basically talking to herself, Goongi showered Jaehwang with compliments.

Still, Jaehwang laughed at Goongi’s compliments before pouring in his focus on his practice book.

This small alley bakery Jaehwang was now with Goongi was a hidden restaurant in Korea that he specifically ordered for. Goongi deliberately praised Jaehwang even though she knew everything about what he was doing.

Because they do everything together and because their souls were intertwined, they cannot hide anything from each other. When Jaehwang first had to be with Goongi, he was very uncomfortable. From going to the toilet to moving on to wash himself, everything was about their relationship was awkward. Of course, he could consciously stop thinking about it, but at some point, he got too lazy to do that as well.

At some point, everything got familiar and a matter of fact,

“Do you want me to study for you??”

Goongi asked about Jaehwang’s driver’s license exam and Jaehwang rejected her, saying, “No, it’s not like you’re going to drive too.”

“You will never know and why do you need it anyway? You can fly your private jet or just use a driver...”

Goongi was technically not wrong and it was not only a private jet, but he could also fly his recently bought American fortress mega-quad-copter Atlas to over Korea. But, then again, Jaehwang did not want another wave of unnecessary attention like that.

“I just want to try a thing called an automobile.”

Not long ago at Dong-cheol’s wedding, Jaehwang gifted his friend a hunter’s off-road handmade vehicle but when he gave him a present, he also became greedy about Maika. The man’s dream is said to be with Maika, and he must be a man himself. He was finally starting to understand why a hunter would buy a house at the moment they start making money.

“Hmph...” Goongi seemed dissatisfied as he squinted her eyes.

“I’ll play with you later.”

“Just empty words...”

“Yup.”

“You’re becoming sleazier every day.”

“Thank you for the compliment”

“Who ruined my innocent Jaehwang...”

Goongi was just about to clean up the area in a specific way when the waitress came in with a beautiful plate of desserts.

“Here is the ‘Madame Catherine Special’ you ordered.”

“Try it, I heard that this was a pre-order menu only”

“Hmmm,” Goongi grunted but after a moment, she started to dig in. Soon, her cheeks reddened.

“Ugh so gooooood.”

Even a half-human does not seem to have immunity against delicious food.

*Snickers*

“Don’t laugh, I’m losing my affection.”

Jaehwang snickered once more at Goongi and went back to his test prep. In the past, the exam was so easy that the passing rate was over 90 percent, but now, the percentage of those who passed among all the exam takers was now about 30 percent. Brains had nothing to do with one’s hunter abilities.

People would usually assume that being a hunter would make one smart but that’s not true. Their concentration becomes better so they might get to study more effectively, but they do not necessarily become more intelligent.

And Jaehwang was physically experiencing that himself. He had more wrong answers than right ones, and he couldn’t help but frown after checking his score.

“Ugh... I must really have no talent for all of this brainy stuff”

“So, I just said that I’ll help you!”

“No....”

“So stubborn”

Jaehwang sighed and leaned back in his chair at Goongi’s unenthusiastic remark.

“This is nice”

It was a place where no one would notice them just like an ordinary couple sitting inside a bakery, they’re having an ordinary day.

Even the bodyguards were laid off for the day, She even made Jaehwang and herself less visible and noticeable to others, and this may be just an ordinary day for other people but to Jaehwang and Goongi, it was such a relaxing day and a very precious one...

Goongi, who was snacking on the opposite table, transformed and came on Jaehwang’s lap with her eyes looking a bit sad.

She leaned her head on Jaehwang’s chest.

“It’s not your fault.”

“I know.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 228: Solitude – 2




#228

Solitude – 2

#1

Jaehwang stroked Goongi’s hair and closed his eyes.

“Being natural is good.”

“Whatever.” Jaehwang shook his head.

Sometimes, he had sides of himself that he really wanted to hide from her.

Their resentful eyes dying in the explosion...

Most of them were drunk with madness, but some of their eyes had despair and sadness. Obviously, brainwashing would not be considered as true loyalty. Though drunk, what they had was a desire for life, but of course, he did not sympathize with them. He already knew what they were. Villains who only use terror and murder... if it wasn’t for Jaehwang, they would have been still reigning over the weak until they grow old and die.

His original plan was to attack Abdul Hussein and come out with a clean finish, but his problem was that he could not distinguish Hussein from the rest. Hussein was also a 7-star shape-shifting hunter who strategically placed doppelgangers around him. He didn’t also expect him to use a suicide squad. Hussein planned to bomb all of his guards and escape alone.

Of course, all of Hussein’s plan failed because of Jaehwang’s arrows, but 3,000 deaths were still too much for him. That was the main reason why he did not say anything to the press regarding their criticism. He was using this time as an excuse to take a break.

Jaehwang listened to the Prince’s advice that hunters need to live a life away from all the battles sometimes. Jaehwang was even considering taking a break from the raids too. Most of the urgent 9-tier monster requests were taken care of after all. There were many more 9-tier monsters around the world, but those ones would remain inactive as long as they would remain untouched.

The Martial Arts House was still busy granting raid requests, but they were requests for the benefit of the stakeholders so it didn’t matter if he ignored it properly. Either way, they’ll just press the World Hunter Secretariat and each of the other countries.

Not only that, celebrities from all over the world were now visiting the Invincible Palace. They all came with extravagant gifts along with a request to meet with Jaehwang but Irumi took care of them nonetheless.

*At the quiet cafe with a piece of soft music playing in the background...*

Goongi, who ate all the snacks, was sitting with her hand on her chin as she stared at him.

The customers kept entering the café but they did not notice them in the corner.

Jaehwang’s face was actually not well known because of his avoidance of the media, but Goongi’s beauty was exceptional and it was impossible for her to not attract any attention towards her. That’s why she used a spell to hide her beauty so that the other ones won’t notice her.

Some time had passed and now, Jaehwang closed his prep book with a big sigh. He was trying to concentrate on studying but Goongi’s eyes made him uncomfortable.

“Let’s go for a walk”

“Yes!”

They excused themselves to the cafe’s manager and came out on the streets for a walk. Goongi hooked her arms to Jaehwang’s as they walked side by side.

“I think it’s quite nice to come out like this once in a while.”

“I agree.”

The Great Fusion was not only a calamity to the human race.

Fossil fuels and nuclear energy had disappeared into history. It was replaced by Mana stones and the nuclear power plants were either destroyed by monsters or got wrecked over time due to its lack of use. Somehow during that time, the fine dust pollution was cleared up and now, the air quality became crisp and refreshing.

With Goongi on his side, he could go anywhere.

Just by being in the midst of ordinary people, Jaehwang felt a lot better.

But after their stroll when they were about to go back to the café, they heard a scream across the road.

When Jaehwang stopped to turn around, he saw a middle-aged woman running away from a crowd of three men chasing her.

“Get out of the way!!”

“Everyone, get away!!”

“AHHHH!!!”

Pedestrians walking down the street retreated away from the men who were running into them.

The woman was running through the street with three men chasing her, pushing anyone that would come their way. Some of them were able to step back while some fell to the ground.

The woman looked back and shouted, “You idiots!! Stop disrupting the peace and let it go!!”

“You bitch!!” One of the men shouted before taking out his gun.

“AGHH!! GUN!!!”

“Get away!!”

No matter how experienced someone might seem, there was a big difference between taking out a gun and using them. The civilians around the area got frightened and ran away, injuring many along with their path.

“You idiots!! Why are you pointing a gun at me??!”

“Seriously, you woman!!” The man then pointed towards her.

*gunshots*

“Geez! It’s dangerous!”

The woman did not dodge the bullets.

Maybe she figured that if she dodged, other people could be harmed so she took out a small disc from her jacket and blocked all of them. When the other men saw that she held her ground to stop the attack, they pulled out a heavy rod from their waists.

“You guys really want a fight?!”

She stretched out her disc in anger towards them. Then, a ball of air began to form around the disc. The three men’s faces hardened as if they sensed imminent danger.

“Damn it! I’m retreating for the civilians.” exclaimed the woman after looking around her. If she used her hunter powers now, many innocent civilians would be injured.

“Pfft! All talk!”

Whether or not they knew if their lives were in danger, the three men proudly approached the woman.

“3-star villain Han Yeonsoo! You are now under arrest according to the Hunter Law!”

“Don’t joke with me, I was living quietly all this time!!”

“Your charges are not cleared just because you were laying low for a bit!”

“At least I didn’t take out my gun where the civilians are at. Damn it... now that all the real hunters are out of Korea, the only shitty are left.”

The woman grumbled but she still raised her arms after putting her disc away. She chose to be arrested rather than resisting them.

*BAM*

“AAHHHHH!!”

But these men did not simply arrest her, they bashed her with their rods and after a few blows to the head that left her on the ground, they cuffed her hands behind her back.

“What? The villain catchers are worse than the villains themselves!”

“Shhh, these Hunter Secretariat guys totally ignore the Hunter Law...”

“But what the hell!? Does that make sense to you?”

As the crowd around them started dissing the men, the leader of the three frowned.

“Everybody stop! There may still be the villain’s remnants around, we must start a search!” He yelled at the crowd.

Then, the already agitated crowd started to curse the three.

“Hey! The Hunter Secretariat doesn’t mean jack shit!”

“Are you not the real villains??”

“What? Yo, take videos of them now!”

As soon as they took out their smartphones, their leader kicked one of them in their abdomen.

“AGH!!”

The man rolled on the ground and the leader, who didn’t seem to be satisfied, smashed the man’s phone as well.

“If anyone else tries to take a video again, this is what will happen to them!”

The people were frightened and stopped cursing them.

It would be a serious crime if an average hunter committed violence against a civilian, but these men had a special contract with the government as part of the Arrest Squad of the Hunter Secretariat.

In addition, the Korean Hunter Secretariat has been untouchable because Prince was its chief member.

“Someone help move this injured man!”

One man who was looking after all of the injured people cried but no one paid attention to him.

“No one can leave the premises until the search is over!”

“What kind of law is that!?!”

As the crowd started to murmur again, the leader smashed his rod to the ground.

*BAM*

“Shut it! If you don’t want to end up like this villain woman! Everyone should up with their identification card! You will all be released after checking!”

The middle-aged lady on the ground was bleeding from her head the entire time. The leader still did not have enough so he walked up to her and placed her feet on her head before swearing.

“Ugh, I can’t just watch this anymore”

Goongi and Jaehwang, who were both watching what was happening from the side, shook their heads.

They didn’t want to break their date, but this was too much. Jaehwang glanced at Goongi, and then, she grinned and waved her hand once, disassembling the magic that hid them.

Jaehwang walked towards the crowd.

The leader, who was threatening the crowd frowned as he watched Jaehwang walk towards him.

“Hey, you! Can’t you hear? You have to line up!”

But when Jaehwang showed no sign of obedience, the leader swung his rod against him.

Jaehwang frowned as well and grabbed the leader’s wrist even before he could swing it.

“You have no manners”

“What!”

The leader felt that the strength behind his grip wasn’t ordinary.

“Let... let me go!”

“Sure...”

The leader stumbled back as soon as he decided to let him go. He became conscious of the crowd once more and there, he shouted, “What, who are you!”

“I’m a hunter.”

“Ha? A hunter? Do you want to get your license suspended for disrupting our affairs??” The leader said in anger as he looked back at his colleagues. He knew that there were certain types of hunters who would butt their noses into everyone else’s business.

“You! Show me your license!” The leader held out his hand.

If he knew Jaehwang’s face, he wouldn’t have acted this way but unfortunately for him, there were very few in the world who knew what his face looked like. He was famous, but he never appeared in public and all of his information was tagged as top secret.

*sigh*

Jaehwang shook his head. He didn’t want to reveal himself, but now, he has decided to let them know who he was.

Jaehwang took out his hunter license and showed it to them. When the leader saw Jaehwang’s license, he became confused. It looked different from the hunter license that he knew. Normally, hunter licenses were transparent with one’s information displayed as a hologram and the number of stars shown in black.

The one he received from Jaehwang was just black and there was just a big gold star on it with a license number. If he looked a little bit closer, he could have read the word ’10-star’ engraved lightly on the card, but he did not have an eye for such details.

“Are you kidding me???”

The leader did not even think of checking Jaehwang’s license number and threw the card back at his face. The card bounced off Jaehwang’s chest and fell to the ground.

*Jaehwang sighs again*

Jaehwang thought at that moment, that it would have been better for him if he had kept his old card.

The card that was thrown by this ignorant man was a special card for Jaehwang which was given as a gift by the new secretary-general of the Korean Hunter Secretariat at the Invincible Palace.

Jaehwang was told that it was made for the world’s first 10-star hunter. Jaehwang pulled out a business card from his wallet and his smartphone.

Jaewhang looked at the leader before he dialed the phone number on his business card and said, “I’ll call the one who gave me this card.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 229: Background Fight – 1




#1

Lee Jinhyun, the leader of the Hunter Secretariat’s Villain arrest group became worried. This guy was not afraid of the Hunter Secretariat? And he’s just a Hunter? Looking sideways, he found that some were still filming their situation.

“Damn it”

Dozens of people were now watching as well as on camera. Now, he couldn’t even back off.

“Hmm, we’ll be slowly investigating. Call him whoever it is.”

Lee Jinhyun looked at the back of Jaehwang’s head, not aware that Jaehwang was laughing at him. He took his two men and started checking his identity.

#2

*phone ringing*

“Hello”

A polished voice of a middle-aged man came in.

“Hello, how are you?”

“Uhh, sorry but may I ask who is calling please?”

It was a new number that appeared on the man’s phone. The man who received Jaehwang’s call was someone in a position who does not receive calls from an unknown number. His phone number, to begin with, was not open to the public.

“You gave me your business card some time ago. It’s the Martial Arts House’s Chun Jaehwang”

The moment Jaehwang said his name, the voice of the crowd increased significantly.

“The Master Archer!!” the man in the background said in an enthusiastic voice.

“Yes, sorry I was a little late to call you back,”

“No worries, thank you for calling me, rather!”

The man yelled as if he just won the lottery but this reaction was natural because now, he had the phone of the world’s strongest 10-star hunter.

Jaehwang was not as excited as the man. He had no plans of revealing his phone number to anyone.

Jaehwang called rather impulsively but he felt a little bad that the man on the other end of the line was so thrilled to talk to him. He felt annoyed even if he didn’t really mind it.

“Actually, I called in because I got into some trouble because of the hunter license you gave me last time we met...”

“Huh? What do you mean?” His tone became embarrassed.

Jaehwang explained the current situation to him and as soon as he heard it, he signed and replied, “Ah, I am so sorry, I made a huge mistake. In fact, I had already talked with the World Hunter Secretariat, but the card got unexpectedly produced ahead of its schedule so I was able to give it to you. Hunter licenses weren’t used that much so I thought that it wouldn’t be a problem.”

“Hmm, yes, as I expected...” Jaehwang nodded.

He was right, it was rarely used for some special circumstances but the secretariat’s worst possible scenario came true.

“Anyway, it’s a bit embarrassing. Isn’t it ridiculous that I have to show my power in front of them to try to prove myself?”

“You’re right. I... I’m going right now... no, to those arresters... I’ll call them first!”

The secretary-general was a man of many duties, but Jaehwang was the man who got him to where he was. Jaehwang might not know, but the secretary-general was a pro-Invincible man who was able to get his present position on a condition that he would devote himself strictly to the needs of the Prince and Jaehwang.

But, Jaehwang was not buying his suggestion.

“No, their actions were a bit radical but, they were doing their jobs and I don’t want to blame them for it.”

“Wow, with all that talent and character too...” The secretary-general praised him even before he could finish his sentence.

“Unfortunately, they are not listening to me. The Secretary-General who gave me this card should come and explain it to them,” Jaehwang replied with his firm voice and he noticed the meaning behind it.

“30 minutes ... no! Please give me 20 minutes,” said the Secretary-General.

Jaehwang sent his location at him before he placed his phone back in his pocket. It was a little mischievous game, but whatever, it would be fun to watch.

Then he heard a few people groan behind him.

“Ugh, my chest hurts...”

“My legs...”

It was the people who were injured in the midst of their arrest. They said that they called an ambulance but Jaehwang felt that it was quite serious.

“Goongi, can you treat them?”

“Hmm? Why?” Goongi asked, seemingly hinting why Jaehwang wasn’t doing it himself since he had the same skills like hers.

“Please, you’re faster than me.”

She reluctantly rose from her seat at the table across the street and walked with a confused expression of a smile to those who were lying down. She broke the spell on herself that was hiding her from everyone.

*Gasps*

As she walked over to the crowd, everyone stared at her with their eyes emptied by awe.

Goongi walked on, not minding the attention, and lightly touched the people who had fallen unnoticed. The moment she touched them, they looked like they’ve received god’s grace.

“My legs are ...”

“My arms ...”

All of their pain disappeared or maybe, they could no longer think about it. Were they better now or were they confused by her beauty?

Goongi even healed the villain lady who was beaten up by the arrest squad. Then, she turned her head towards Jaehwang with her hands on her waist. With a dazed look, she seemed to be hinting that she does not care about the other people’s attention...

“I’m sorry,” Jaehwang gently admitted his fault.

He asked her with an ulterior motive and with her actions, she showed that she knew what he was thinking. There, silently, she said, ‘don’t involve me in these kinds of human affairs’.

Now that she gained all of her powers back, she was definitely not a ‘kind god’.

He did not expect her to be a typical ‘help out the good man/scold the bad man’ type of god before, but he was quite sure that she probably had a distinctive personality. But then again, calling her personality “distinctive” was a very watered-down expression that Jaehwang had invented recently.

Goongi walked back to the bench where she originally sat like that was her own spot.

“This is awkward.”

Frankly, Jaehwang was a little greedy.

He wanted her to be more humane and get used to a human’s gaze but Goongi had no interest in any other human besides himself. Or rather, she did not even treat any other human unaffiliated with Jaehwang to be of the same kind of being as him.

#3

Even the two guards who were checking the civilians stopped to look at her beauty. Then, when Goongi sat down and controlled her presence, they looked at her as if they’ve just woken up from a dream.

She was quite tall for a woman, she had a kind of aura inexpressible by words and her body had a sensual charm. She carried herself with elegance like a queen but her gentle smile seemed as shy as an innocent girl experiencing her first love.

In addition, there was an unprocessed wildness about her that made their chest pound. In short, her entire figure could be treated like magic itself.

But the problem was that this beauty behaved like the lover of this suspicious man. It was as if they could read each other just by their gaze like an old couple.

The two arresters were filled with jealousy along with an insidious desire to try her.

“Yeah, damn that pretty bitch ...”

“Touched by another man, but still...”

“When our leader breaks that dude, should we try to take her as an excuse?”

“Yeah, sounds like we can pull that off.”

Beyond just locker room talk, they have reached to the point of plotting a crime. At that time, Lee Jinhyun, who was quietly approaching behind them, said quietly in their ears, “Come here.”

“Yes! Brother”

In his call, the two came close to the leader, Lee Jinhyun as if they were his limbs. He said quietly, “I don’t think that guy is a normal person.”

“Yes?”

“What is that ...”

Lee Jinhyun was also taken away momentarily by the woman’s beauty, but soon, he came to his senses.

He had speculated that Jaehwang would be a good prospect for a big clan or a child of a clan master. He himself did not know much about this field because he had just joined, but his intuition said that Jaehwang was much higher than that.

If Jaehwang was just a clan master, it would not be much of a problem but if he was bigger than that, things would get complicated.

The dandy one of the two replied with a smile at his mouth. “No, why do you say so? You are the real big shot here.”

The other one nodded back.

Jinhyun, their leader, probably had a great background compared to any house other in Korea.

“Right. My brother, to be honest, you are only temporarily rotting in the bureau to accumulate experience. If it was like before, you’d already be in a managerial position.”

“Today is the second time you’ve been arrested and you’ve captured Han Yeon-soo, a high-ranked hunter even among the three-star hunters. Really... there’s no one like you in Korea. That invincible... hmm...”

He stopped himself from talking about unnecessary things.

If it wasn’t for Invincible that was now known around the world, he wouldn’t have been doing anything like this but as long as they were watching, he had to do some noticeable stuff.

Lee’s father was the director of the Korean Hunter Office.

Not only that, his grandfather was the owner of a large hunter-only hospital that was one of the top ten in South Korea, and his maternal grandfather was a five-time member of the parliament, though he was now in the opposing party.

His future goal was to become a politician wielding a great power under the influence of his maternal grandfather. Thus, originally, the Hunter Office of the Republic of Korea had no meaning. But then, the situation and the environment changed.

The Republic of Korea’s Hunter Secretariat, which carried no weight before, now held a reputation going through the sky. There, he decided that the position at the Hunter Office of the Republic of Korea would be a good line for his political history in the future and by his father’s power, he was assigned as a captain of the arrest troops. Of course, it was clear nepotism, but there was no one in the secretariat who said anything about it.

“I don’t feel good about this,”

Lee Jinhyun took his smartphone out of his pocket. Since Jaehwang said that he was a Hunter, his father who was the director of the Republic of Korea’s Hunter Secretariat would know better than him. After a brief ring tone, his father, Sang-man, answered the call.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 230: Background Fight – 2




#1

“Dad, it’s me, Jinhyun.”

“Hey son, so, your task went flawlessly?”

It was a vague question without a specific subject but he knew what his dad was referring to.

“Yes. Thanks to you, I could easily capture her. ”

“Okay. I’m glad. Even though she was registered as a villain and her skill was great, she was too kind-hearted to attack when there are civilians around”

He nodded at his father’s words. The woman villain he arrested today was asked by his father specifically. She was technically a villain, but she has been out for a long time and there were times she actually helped the government, which was why she was one of those that were not being actively pursued.

This arrest was just a monstrous act to raise the statistics of his performance.

“Yes, yes, but father, I have a question for you,”

“Tell me.”

“Are there any Hunter licenses with only one gold star on a black background?”

In his mind, he recalled the color and shape of what Jaehwang claimed to be a license card.

“What are you saying? Golden star on a black background? There can be no such thing,” Lee Sangman replied.

“But would it be possible though...”

“Nope, all the hunters around the world had the same license card. It could also never be used once changed.”

“Did something happen?”

“Yes, actually,”

He explained his current situation as his father’s question but contrary to what he had expected, his father seemed uncomfortable.

“He dared to look at a Hunter Secretariat Arrest leader? And ... called the person who gave him the card? He sounds like he has something he trusts in.”

“Yes and the guy who had that card didn’t seem ordinary. Isn’t it impossible that he doesn’t know any common sense?”

“No, sometimes, people like Debauchers, often play with license cards. Of course, if you do that, the card will be lost and you will have to reissue it.”

The word Debaucher made Jonghyun’s mind clear.

If that confidence comes from being a natural awakener like Debaucher, it all made sense.

“Is it? Great, I was worried about it myself.” He let out a sigh of relief.

But his father, Lee Sang-man, also overlooked one thing. He might have thought of himself as neutral in terms of his stand but from above, they identified him as a former general secretary. As a result, when the new Secretary-General was recently inaugurated, he was excluded and was not given notice that a special Hunter License card for the world’s only 10-star hunter was issued.

As he was arranging his thoughts in his head, Lee Sang-man said, “but you’ll never know. I’ll come over.”

“Huh? No. It is not big enough of a deal for you to come.” Jinhyun frowned. His father was overprotective of him. He couldn’t feel it when he was younger, but he realized that his overprotection didn’t help him at all. It was as if his father still didn’t trust him, he felt like a child that cannot do his job without the help of an adult.

“Don’t nag on me and give me your location. I need to see what’s going on.”

Whether or not he knew what Jinhyun was thinking, Sangman was stubborn.

Sangman had been building up stress lately. The emergence of the 10-star Hunter was raising the status of the Korean Hunter Secretariat, and now, there were more above him he had to pay attention to. These new authorities were so clean that many things that he had done before were no longer possible.

He deprived him of his power over human resources, one of his most beloved powers.

The Hunter Secretariat was almost like a national agency. Although the shares are owned in half by the World Hunter Secretariat, the operation is held by the Korean government. Since it is associated with the hunter-related industry that lays golden eggs, it is one of the most popular occupations due to its civic nature and high pay grade.

Even now, as the status has risen, the secretariat has been the symbol of envy. That’s why so many people tried to be seen by him who was heavily involved in human resources. He was the only one of those who could place anyone anywhere.

It was a Korean win-win strategy because he was able to get a good place, and he was able to give good positions to those who were friendly to him.

‘What’s wrong with that anyway?’

People insist that nepotism was wrong, but in fact, it was something that a man in power must do in order to work more smoothly.

Of course, there may be some monetary interests or preferences somewhere, but it’s like a lubricant that makes each other’s faith more certain. By sharing preferences and interests with each other, they were building a strong bond of “giving together.”

However, Invincible was trying to reform the Korean Hunter Secretariat from above. Of course, he did not intend to resist the flow, the old power didn’t last long anyway and he himself was one of them. The first example was the dismissal of the former secretary-general and he figured that he will soon end up like that. So, he chose to put his son in the office with all the remaining power he had before he was evicted.

‘How hard did I try to get him in!?’

Jinhyun resembled him a lot, he had good looks along with an excellent brain. He was still young, so he couldn’t expect much leadership from him but he was a decent hunter. Sangman will do his best to get up to the post and make a connection with the prominent economic leaders.

When he retires, his young son will become pro-Invincible and make an alliance with Jaehwang.

Since they were similar in age, he also planned to push his image as the next generation’s leader who can keep up with Jaehwang.

Jinhyun was a spoiled son. Sangmin knew that he protected him a little too much but he figured it was the most critical time for him.

“In this world, you always have to be extra careful. Don’t forget how important you are. This time, quietly follow my words.”

“Yes.”

Jinhyun shook his head in the stubbornness of his father. There was no way to convince him otherwise so he just sent his location to him before putting his phone back in his pocket. Now, he just had to wait.

“How’s did it go, brother?”

He sighed lightly and answered, “father said that he’ll come here.”

“What?”

Their eyes widened at his words. Jinhyun’s father, Lee Sangman was not at this level to come to take care of his son.

“Wow!”

They once again thought that they did well by sucking up to Jinhyun. Sangman must be taking them so seriously that he would come over for such a small thing.

Jinhyun, however, warned his men. “When he comes, you must be careful.”

“Yes. Okay.”

‘I do not have much faith in these two, but when my father appears, they should be quiet.’ Jinhyun looked at Jaehwang with his side as he thought to himself, ‘Please feel the reality of a poor guy’s world.’

#3

The face of Goongi, who was sitting on the bench with a boring look, was then distorted. Something appeared and blocked her eyes from Jaehwang.

He was now sitting on a bench quite far from her while reading a book.

If the Secretary-General would come in later, his identity would be revealed. He didn’t care about it so much, but Goongi did not want to be talked about.

The one who blocked her view was one of the Arrester men, who were quite tall and was a pretty boy. There was a slight smile on his mouth as if he was confident in his appearance. Of course, it was just one of the male humans for Goongi, who experienced many in her long life.

“Move.”

He hesitated a little after that cold remark but he was able to recover from that in the same moment.

“Oh, sorry.” He shook his head with a smile. He naturally moved to Goongi’s side and before her harsh words came out, he asked, “Is that your boyfriend?”

Rather than giving him an answer, she did not even turn her head. She perfectly ignored him.

“That person, it’s too bad.”

Whether she listened to him or not, he shook his head as if he felt bad for Jaehwang and that’s when Goongi turned her head at him.

“What are you saying?”

“Haha... I don’t know what your boyfriend believes, but our leader is not just anyone. Depending on what he does today, your boyfriend’s life might be twisted.”

“Huh?”

Goongi slightly frowned at his answer. It was unpleasant for her to hear. How dare he discuss superiority in front of Jaehwang? He was more superior and honorable than anyone else in the world. He was the head of Martial Arts House and the owner of herself, a demigod.

He misunderstood his reaction.

“I don’t think it’s going to go smoothly in my eyes.”

She didn’t even care to respond, but he misunderstood as if she agreed with him.

“But you don’t have to be nervous. There’s a way ... ”

The man sneaked up to Gunggi with his hand about to reach his shoulder but...

*sound of bones breaking*

With an eerie cough, his wrist was bent unnaturally in the air.

“Huh?”

At first, he was unaware of what had happened to his hands.

His imagination was too weak to accept it. His hands were twisting outward as if they were swept away by an invisible vortex.

His bones began to crack once more and once his shattered forearm made a 360-degree turn, he wailed.

“Ahhhhh!”

His arms and body leaned back, but his forearms were already as mushy as those of mollusks. All the people saw at that moment was a man who had his arms twisted.

“OMGG!”

“What is that?! Why is his arm...”

Blood and bone fragments started to burst out from his arm.

“Ughfff....”

He grabbed his forearm, thinking that he would die if he didn’t do something. Then, he looked around, he did not even suspect her for doing that.

Soon, he thought such a monster cannot be in the middle of the city so with his last remaining energy as his vision began to blur, he looked at Goongi. “Please, heal me.”

He had seen Goongi heal people before and thought that she was a healer, but Goongi gazed at her with a cold smile.

“Why should I?”

“Huh?”

“Get away from me before I tear off that disgusting face of yours.”

“Hey...”

He stepped back, forgetting the pain from his arms and at once, her cold brutality drove away all his thoughts.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 231: Background Fight – 3




#1

“It’s you...”

It was then when he realized that it was Goongi who had done this to his hand.

Almost instinctively, he reached for his pistol under his jacket. His main skill was shooting, so this was almost a reflex to him but even before he was able to pull out his pistol, he was stopped by Jaehwang.

He slightly twisted the man’s wrists to make him drop his gun before he swept his leg.

“AAHHH!!!”

He fell to the floor almost instantly where he rolled over with his messed up hand. Jaehwang then stepped on his back before reaching to his broken hand once again.

“STOP!!”

An unusually shaped spear came towards Jaehwang and it was Jinhyun who threw it as soon as he realized that one of his subordinates was attacked.

Jaehwang just dodged it without much surprise before he looked into Jinhyun’s eyes. He did not need to use his hands.

Just by looking...

“Hhppfff...”

Jinhyun, who had both knees weakened, rolled on the ground.

“Uh ... oh ...”

Jin-Hyun could not understand what happened to his body.

Was this the feeling of a herbivore meeting its predator? Jihyun remembered seeing a deer being frozen because of a headlight the same way his fear kept him from moving. The two hands that grabbed his spear did not listen to his brain and now, the best thing that he could do at that moment was to make a fist.

He stumbled like a drunken man as he tried to get up from his knees.

“You, you are a villain too!!”

He thought that he had been beaten by his opponent and he regretted it.

He tried to think about what kind of minds would the people arresting villains would have. Hunters were cunning, and they were definitely different compared to monsters. He was always reminded to not let his guard down, but he forgot such a simple rule.

He thought that Jaehwang was just an arrogant Debaucher because he was sitting on the bench as if he didn’t care for the world.

He must have been looking for some opportunities until now and when that beauty attracted their attention, Jaehwang overpowered the most dangerous one of them, himself.

Jinhyun struggled and looked at his remaining subordinate since for now, he’s stuck in place with something to hope for.

“This, it can’t be beaten...”

He was even terrified of stepping back. The most powerful one of them got defeated just by looking at him.

Not only that, the ultra-beautiful woman who sat behind him also broke his colleague’s arm without moving hers.

“Ahh!”

He just panicked and ran back.

#2

“What are you going to do with me?!” Jinhyun said grudgingly and Jaehwang just laughed at him.

Something was clearly being misunderstood.

It was a bit rough, but Jaehwang couldn’t help it. If he was late by a second, this guy’s face could have been ripped off. They didn’t seem to notice that Jaehwang saved their lives. Goongi pretends to be good every time she’s by his side but her basic inclination is near neutral. The reason why it did not show up until now was that Goongi only communicated with Jaehwang without being exposed outside as much as possible.

Jaehwang was still trying to soothe Goongi in his head.

‘He tried to blackmail me using you as the target!’

‘I know, but that’s not a reason to kill someone.’

‘Kill who? I was just trying to change one arm and his face.’

Jaehwang wanted to say that that would be enough to kill someone, but that was not the important point here.

‘Stop flexing, If you kill this one too, things are going to get too complicated.’ Jaehwang was secretly standing in between Goongi and the man.

The man could probably die from a heart attack if he just made eye contact with Goongi.

‘Get out of the way... I’m not going to kill him.’

Gunggi’s eyes glared. She got excited to see a person’s blood for the longest time since after all, she was a combat demigod. Jaehwang knew how she used to land heavy armored soldiers at Justin Point. Having starved for a bloodbath for some time, she tried to fight more even after seeing some blood up close. She looked like a bloodthirsty soldier right now.

And now, she’s nearly three times stronger than she was back then.

“Haa...”

He shook his head to the Goongi who was sitting on the bench and she looked back at him with her dissatisfied eyes.

‘I wanted you to get used to humans a little bit.’

That was why Jaehwang came out with her today. It was Jaehwang who did not want to hide her anymore. He wanted them to be together but it seems that it was still a far-away story.

It would not have been possible if it weren’t for the ancestors of the martial family who tied them together but now, they were inseparable from each other.

Jaewhang grabbed Goongi’s chin and kissed her curious-faced lips.

“Whoa...” She hesitated momentarily, but soon, she kissed him back.

Goongi wrapped her arms around Jaehwang after three seconds.

“Hmmm...”

Jaehwang, who was originally intending for a small peck, could not resist himself of Goongi’s irresistible tongue coming in between his lips.

“Chu... mmm...”

Their lighthearted exchange soon turned into a french kiss and Goongi was the first one to part her lips from their long exchange of saliva before giving him a slight smile.

“Is it delicious?”

After licking her lips, Gunggi looked in his eyes.

“Hah...” Jaehwang blushed.

It was not the first time he has kissed Goongi, but it was his first time to do it in front of so many people. His face burned up and Jaehwang, who just calmed his pounding heart, said, “please go back if you’ve calmed down...”

“Yeah, okay, and what about later?”

“Hmmm...”

Goongi laughed as she stared at his reddish cheeks, and then, she looked back and forth between Jaehwang and Jinhyun.

“You’re lucky, human.”

With that, Goongi disappeared as if she melted into thin air with a bit of red dust reminding them that she was there before.

“What, what ...”

Surprised, Jinhyun stared into the empty space before him.

Then, a number of heavy limousines stopped by the road with their loud breaks.

And from the limousine, dozens of men in uniforms like Jinhyun came out. The difference between them was that they were wearing gold gloves along with gold paddings on their right shoulder. It was the special arrest team of the Korean Hunter Secretariat.

After a while, a certain man came out. It was a middle-aged man with a big belly wearing an indigo suit. When he got out of the limousine, the sight of Jinhyun lying on the ground made him burst in panic.

“No, what is this...! What are you doing? hurry! Kill that Villain! ”

“Yes!”

At that moment, dozens of special arresters flew towards Jaehwang.

It was not an order of suppression but an order of execution. There were no weapons in their hands, but everyone felt how deadly it was.

Jaehwang frowned. Jinhyun became like that because he jumped in without thinking. He intended to freeze him momentarily as well so if someone was the offender here, it would be him... for being so weak.

Jaehwang turned around and looked at the man with the broken arm

“Well, it’ll be fine.”

It was bloody and hard to see, but all wounds were already cured. He fainted only because he had shed too much blood in such a short time. Jaehwang learned that a heavy blood loss can lead to shock but he did not want to think about that right now. Now was the time to face dozens of men who were about to attack him.

When Jaehwang’s hand flipped over, an arrow came into his palm and by the power of Jaehwang’s thumb, the arrow was bent.

‘Explosive shower’

Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwak !!!

“AHHHH!”

They flew away faster than they rushed in.

However, they were all trained men and all of them were able to regain their balance midair.

*Wispy sound*

A storm went throughout the market after Jaehwang’s skill was implemented.

“Hmm, he fainted.”

The leader of the group, who was minimally exposed to the skill, had his eyes sideways.

The man in the indigo suit was red in rage.

“That guy is killing my son! What are you doing? Kill him quickly! ” He roared in rage and all the men surrounding Jaehwang took out their long golden rods.

*Clink Clink Clink Clink*

The men were holding onto a three-stage rod, which was as long as a mace with spikes attached at its end. They were more specialized in destroying an opponent’s armor instead of taking down monsters.

Then, a man stepped forward and grabbed Sangman’s shoulders. “Do not worry. Brother.”

The middle-aged man took a deep breath of relief once he confirmed the identity of the man who reassured him.

“Hah...I’m glad to have come with you.”

The man behind Sang-man was one of the ten best people in the Hunter Secretariat. He was in the military before his awakening, and after that, he was scouted by the Korean Hunter Secretariat where he developed his strength with their full support. In particular, his attack skills were excellent and were rumored to catch people better than monsters.

‘Executive Han Sang Heon’

With a terrible reputation, he was also known as one of the strongest in Korea’s Hunter Secretariat. He was close to him as well.

“You are so calm even before the arrest. Are you a member of the Red Warrior?! ” He shouted to Jaehwang.

There are approximately two large Villain organizations in Korea. One is the Three Thousand Bridges who were already suspended and the other one was the Red Warriors, who were now considered to be the strongest villain group who’s not afraid to clash with the government.

“I’m not...” He replied in an informal way.

When Jaehwang shrugged and answered, Sang Heon’s face turned red. A man in his mid-20s, does not even fluster but seeing his skillset just a few moments ago, it also makes sense why he was so confident.

“Also rude.”

“Because I can be,” Jaehwang answered shortly.

Even the Secretary-General of the Republic of Korea honors him. Of course, it’s their first encounter so Sang Heon could be polite, but he did not need to when the other person was not.

“Hm, we’ll get to that during interrogation.”

Jaehwang laughed at him. “Why me? I’m not a Villain. ”

“Hah, don’t you think it’s too late to say you are not a Villain after treating the arrest and support team of the Hunter Secretariat like that?”

“That was self-defense.” Jaehwang shrugged.

He was right since he was indeed defending himself. Of course, Goongi reacted too harshly to the guy who tried to touch her but Jaehwang helped him too. He was defending himself for the spear that almost stabbed as well.

“Stop talking about the law, you little shit...”

“Oh shut up.”

Jaehwang no longer wanted to speak with them. If they misunderstand him as a Villain, so be it. However, it was this guy’s fault for not checking his license correctly. The more they talked, the more unhappy Jaehwang felt.

“Ha, it’s no use running away. You’ll be chased by us from now on and you will see with your eyes everything that you care about disappear.”

“...”

He tried to provoke Jaehwang. He did this to try to get him away from Jinhyun, but Jaehwang’s mental state was too stable to be affected by such provocation.

And it didn’t look like it had to be like this anymore.

*SCCREEACCCHHH*

At the sound of a sudden brake, several black limousines once again stopped disorderly on the road. Some of the police cars that had been building defensive lines around the hunters now had to do some traffic control.

The door of the car opened and a man got off. His eyes almost popped off as soon as he got to look around the scene. Soon, he started running with his too big of a body with a speed that could not be treated as a joke. Sangman and Sang Heon opened their mouth at the same time.

“Secretary-General!”

It was the Secretary-General of the Secretariat that appeared, but he ran straight to the man confronting them. His head turned ninety degrees even before they could say ‘danger!’ in their mouths.

“Mr. Jaehwang!”

“You’re here.”

The cold and cool voice of Jaehwang rang inside the market.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 232: Don’t be condescending – 1




#1

“How the hell did this...”

“The story is a bit complicated.”

Originally, the Secretary came to check the card and to offer a few things to appease him. Even if it wasn’t a mistake, he had to make something up and give him a present. It was the way to contribute to the development of the Republic of Korea after all.

For him, the world’s strongest 10-star hunter was so not materialistic that it was problematic.

But, this situation looks strange.

Disregarding the special arresters team, Han Sang Heon, the executive, and Lee Sangman, the director are here, and they were aiming their weapons at Jaehwang to brace themselves as if they had assumed that Jaehwang was an enemy.

‘This crazy ...’

Anxious thoughts passed through the Secretary’s mind. At the same time, he could hear the voice of the crazy man.

“Save the Secretary-General!”

Surrounded by the shouts of Lee Sangman, the team tried to rush again towards Jaehwang.

“Shut up before I kill all of you!” The secretary roared and everyone stopped with their faces red with embarrassment.

“I... I’ll clean it up, so please don’t worry,” the Secretary pleaded with Jaehwang.

“Okay, sure, then I’ll excuse myself...”

“Yes, yes... about this incident, we will formally make an apology later...”

Jaehwang shook his hands and turned it down. “Don’t need it.”

It was a waste of time to pay more attention to them. Instead, Jaehwang threw something at the feet of the Secretary-General.

It was the 10-star Hunter license card that he gave him.

“This ... why ...”

The Secretary-General’s face turned pale.

“I think I need to reconsider my thoughts on the Korean Hunter Office.”

“What...?”

Jaehwang stared at the secretary-general and the people behind him as he shook his head in disbelief.

“I’m very disappointed that the Hunter Secretariat is able to abuse state power this way. What if I was a civilian?” Jaehwang said as he walked back. “I don’t want to reveal my identity here either.”

The Secretary-General’s face turned whiter.

“No! These are all their independent acts ... ”

Jaehwang blocked his excuse. “No, I was able to see your organization as a whole by looking at your members. Call me when you’re ready to be in the same line as me. Starting now, I will speak directly with the World Hunter Office.”

The secretary’s face was terribly wrinkled at his final words.

How many concessions have been given to them from all over the world just because this Archery Master belonged to the Korean Hunter Secretariat? Those seeds will finally bear their fruit but now, it would all be destroyed.

Now, ignoring the Korean Hunter Secretariat as the middle bridge and talking directly to the World Hunter Secretariat meant that all interests for the Korean Hunter Secretariat will be scattered in the air.

“But ... I’ll give you a chance for sake of grandfather Kwon Je,” Jaehwang said.

“Yes.”

“Take care of it completely.” Jaehwang’s final words revealed a firm resolve in the face of the general secretary.

“I will visit you soon!”

#2

“What is happening?”

Sangman realized that something was wrong but he couldn’t wrap his head around anything yet.

Then, the secretary-general with the most forced smile on his face walked towards him. “Kneel down! You bastards. ”

The special arresters and Lee Sangman kneeled unconsciously at the powerful energy bursting out of the Secretary-General’s body. Han Sang Heon, the only executive that remained standing also kneeled on the ground at his command.

The general secretary looked down at them with his eyes red with rage.

Not long ago, he was crouching and sweating at Jaehwang who’s now nowhere to be found.

Right now, only the former head of the Special Operations Division remained as the secret weapon of the Korean Hunter Secretariat who has not been exposed to everyone. The Special Operations Division of the Hunter Secretariat was the real force of the South Korean Hunter Secretariat which was incomparable to their Special Arrest Division.

The general commander of the special operations force who had been trained by the senior elder, Kwon Je, had no reason to come into politics. He retired when he grew older and chose a management position where he could have it easy.

Then, after the former secretary-general was fired after annoying Invincible and Jaehwang, Kwon Je had asked to have a reliable figure as the head of the Korean Hunter Secretariat.

“How dare you create such a mess...”

“Who is that man ...” Lee Sangman asked as his voice trembled.

“The Master Archer Chun Jaehwang!”

In one word, the secretary-general stopped the brains of everyone there.

*multiple gasps*

Realizing who they were running up to now, they all looked like their souls wanted to flee from their bodies. They all realized that until now, their opponent has been lenient on them. They were basically in a tiger’s mouth.

If he had been a bit less compassionate, would there be anyone standing here completely?

In particular, this shocked Han Sang Heon the most. Even though he did not know who he was, he said the worst things to Jaehwang. He basically insulted a god.

“Uh, what happened...”

He could not speak. It felt like there was a thunderstorm brewing in his mind. His trusted Sangman had a special force so he came along and got himself into this mess. Lee Sangman could not stand fully on his legs so he collapsed along with his bladder.

They just thought Jaehwang was an arrogant Debaucher who wanted to show off once, but the Master Archer... the World’s Strongest Awakener...

Lee Sangman’s eyes stared at his fainted son who was now being healed.

“Noob... Noob... Noob...”

The man who they had to be the most careful with in Korea, or rather, in the world, and could have been the future of them, the one who was currently at the height of humanity, the man who raised the Korean Hunter Secretariat’s reputation to its peak...

Hunters from other countries would need to attack with an army to just catch one 8-tier monster where he could just destroy a 9-tier monster with ease. He was a man rewriting the history of the world of hunters as they know it.

His relationship with Jaehwang was no longer a possibility but the real concern for him and his son was their life.

If he was asked to choose the worst human being in the world today, he would pick his son without hesitation. Why did this stupid Jinhyun have to mess with him?

*thump, thump*

“You...”

The secretary’s shoes stopped in front of him and he instinctively faced the ground.

“So... sorry.”

No excuses came to his mind. Somehow, he had to create an excuse to get out of this situation, but his brain was already inactive.

“This probably won’t end well...”

*Secretary grinding his teeth in anger*

He closed his eyes as he listened to the Secretary-General’s voice.

“It’s all finished.”

#3

After the minor clash with the Hunter Secretariat, Jaehwang stopped his raids for about a month and immersed himself in something else. He considered training to be very important, but the news of the completion of the welfare district being built in Gonggiri and the problem of selecting those who enter the welfare district occurred.

Inquiries were rushing in to find out about the welfare district. So much popularity for something that was built in the mountainous hillside village as some of them were willing to pay billions to buy the right to sell it.

The funny aspect was that the Welfare District was built around a nursery school which was part of the original plan. Rehabilitation and welfare facilities were included for children with disabilities and illness. However, a few more requests about them to include not only hospitals, schools, but also various recreational facilities including residential facilities in Jaehwang’s name.

Of course, there were ordinary people in the district. They accepted the families who originally lived in Gongirri along with the children who had a disability or incurable diseases as well as those who were living in extreme poverty. For those, about 10,000 additional households were built for those who would live inside it.

To rule out government interference, it will be maintained purely by Jaehwang’s funds.

The media had already announced the accepted residents in advance, but inquiries continued to flow in as if they thought that there were special exceptions.

Jaehwang has ordered to reject all inquiries. Irumi, the one who he instructed, mobilized a resident screening team, and for its general manager, she chose a very special person for that spot.

That man from the outside was very pleased with Irumi’s proposal.

*Phone ringing*

Sitting at the desk where the phone was placed, a female employee stared at the monitor to check the number on the phone. She turned it off a few seconds later before going back to her work. This happened about three times before she finally answered it with a tired sigh.

“Hello, this is Shin-A-Ri, a member of the Resident Selection Team.”

“Hello. My name is Jun-hee Han, and I’m the representative of the W group”

A man’s low voice rang on the other side of the phone. They seemed to be concealing something and she was uncomfortable about it.

“Yes. Why did you call? ”

“Yes. This would be an inquiry about the welfare district established in Cheongun-gun at this time...”

As expected, Cheongun-gun was the name of a district in Gunggiri. It was originally large but it became bigger with all the additional facilities built around it.

Ari shook her head and with a very clerical tone, she replied, “sorry, If you have any questions about the matter, you can find them on the site. The site address is... ”

“Hahaha, I know the site address but this is what our VIP ordered...”

“Sorry. I can’t tell that over the phone...”

When Shin Ari answered firmly, the tone of the other’s voice began to rise.

“This is the W group secretary.”

“Yes, I know but it’s impossible because of our regulation...”

“Hahaha, you don’t seem to understand me...”

She tried to reply in a firmer tone, but this man didn’t get it.

There were quite a few people who don’t understand that they cannot get their way. She gave up understanding her callers since she had a fixed procedure to follow anyway. Most of her inquirers were like this. They were the so-called privileged people of Korea... or their poor employees with sad salaries.

“Yes, secretary of W group Han. Jun. Hee... I’ll connect you to the person in charge.”

“Yes. Please. Ah! By the way, what’s your name?”

Ari had already told him that when she answered the phone but that did not matter, he won’t be calling again anyway.

“I am Shin Ari, a member of the Martial Arts House Resident Selection Team.”

“Yes. Ms. Shin Ari. Okay.”

It was obvious what her caller was thinking, but Shin Ari pressed the hold button with a skillful touch as their procedure had instructed.

...and shouted, “General manager, this is a VJ phone!”

The word VJ stood for VIP jerks.

As her cry rang in their spacious office, a middle-aged man, sitting at the desk in the middle of the room gave her a nod with a warm face.

“Please forward me the call.”

“Yes!”

In response to his reply, Shin Ari forwarded the call to the general manager, and after a while, his phone rang. He picked up the phone, held it in his ear, and began to speak a few dozen times in a mechanical voice.

“Yes. This is Lim Jun-Seok, the team leader of the Martial Arts House Resident Selection Team and the Secretary-General of the Korean Hunter Secretariat. ”

“Yes? Yes? Hello?”

Han Jun-hee of the W group was perplexed.

He obviously called the weirdly-named department called the Resident Selection Team, but the person in charge of the call introduces himself as the Secretary-General of the Korean Hunter Secretariat.

“Yes, I can hear you, go on.”

Secretary-General Lim Joon-Seok answered the call with a relaxed voice and pressed the button of the Gostop game on his monitor.

“No ... that’s ...”

“Well, why did you call?”

“Oh, our VIP’s inquiring about the welfare district in Chungwoon-gun, but I guess I’ll check again...”

Han Jun-hee couldn’t decide if he could ask the Secretary-General of the Korean Hunter Secretariat about his inquiry who unexpectedly answered the call. He was sure that he called the Martial Arts House, then why is the secretary-general on the line? If the other party is actually the secretary-general of the Korean Hunter Secretariat, he was in the honorable position to talk on a hotline with a big figure. No, even his VIP could barely be on this phone.

Secretary-General Lim Joon-Seok picked up the low point cards his opponent in Gostop left and pressed Go, and with a calm voice, he said, “Tell me your goddamn inquiry, asshole.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 233: Don’t be condescending – 2




#1

“You don’t have any?”

“Excuse me?”

“Excuse you? Why did you call me?

“Uhh... I’ll get back to you after.”

Lim Joon-seok squeezed his jaw as he pressed Five Go on his game.

This guy was a bit dumb. Joon-seok was curious about the appearance of the man who dared to call the Martial Arts House through this dumb guy.

When Joon-seok was struggling about the issue with the Archery Master, he was contacted by Irumi for a short random request and without asking anything further, he accepted it. In his intuition, he thought that he would do even the lowest of tasks as long as it was given by the Martial Arts house. Was it pride? Was it honor? The location? He didn’t need any of these.

‘For the country... for the people... I can take care of horses.’

If anyone heard his conviction, they would laugh at him from behind but he had lived with these words in his heart all his life. Although he can retire from the specialty department, receive his pension, and live a comfortable life, this was one of the reasons why he chose to stay at the office.

Although he intended to do anything that they would ask, he still thought that this was a bit too much.

‘Even with my unconditional commitment, don’t they know who I am...’

He was sure that they intended to submit to him completely.

He decided to go down as low as possible to regain the trust that he had lost but when he got into practice, he learned something.

What did the Martial Arts House want from him? Why did they ask him to come here?

To see and feel.

Jaehwang wanted to teach him that the privileged people of Korea were still unenlightened. Therefore, at least the Korean Hunter Secretariat should keep in line with him.

Joon-seok felt responsible. Perhaps this was the responsibility of the Korean Hunter Secretariat. Staff like Director Lee, who had been dismissed a while ago, still held the job. These condescending elites kept trying the Martial Arts House.

They were testing if the Martial Arts House were of the same or different compared to others. They were intending to keep the same practice if they were of the same kind, and if not, corrupt them to be in the same line.

This was a very common to Korea’s top 0.1 elites even with their long history.

“What the hell is this, do you think this is funny? ”

“Sorry.”

He repeated his words, wanting to end the call.

“Can’t he grasp the idea of the situation? Do you really had to ask the higher-ups for these things?! Give the phone to your director who is by your side.”

The other side fell silent for a moment. He broke down two of the four parts in the Go-Stop room and turned off the game with a satisfied face.

After a while, the voice of someone who seemed to be in a higher position picked up.

“Hello. This is Jang Chong-chan, Assistant Manager of the W Group.”

It was only the Assistant Manager.

“Haha...”

There was no use for these guys anymore. As the assistant to the President, he’s probably too sly to talk to. This would get Joon-seok nowhere.

“Huh, you’re only an Assistant Manager... Hang up, I’ll just call president Jang. ”

“Please, Hold on for a while...”

The highly revered name of the VIP came out of Joon-seok’s mouth like some grandpa living next door.

“...or shall I call the IRS?”

“Um...”

“How’s the auditor? What do you think? Can you figure out what went wrong now? ”

“Please don’t do that... Sorry.”

“No, I don’t need you to be uncomfortable. Would the W-Group like to be a part of the 8 Tier Monster Qualifier next year? Can you afford it?”

He started listing some light threats.

There are many other things that the Secretary-General of the Korean Republic could do.

“Sorry. Sorry. We’ll never do this again.”

“No, but I wonder how would this some assistant keep talking to me?”

“That’s... that’s...”

“The chairman must only hire those who stutter.”

He dropped the call after 10 fun more minutes of him insulting the W group. It wasn’t that fun but it was something that they should feel and learn about. Besides, it was not that bad, they had gained something as well.

This role offered many chances to meet the Archery Master.

“There have been 161 cases received so far about the VJ’s... ”

A young man’s voice was heard behind his back as he leaned to his chair. The Secretary-General’s eyes widened as he turned his head to look at him.

“Master”

He got up from his seat and folded his waist in about 90 degrees.

“Haha, what brings you to this shabby place ...”

“What do you mean shabby? It’s where my family is.”

“Huh, family... I felt good after listening to that word.”

Just a little while ago, he harassed a man under the authority of the Secretary-General of the Korean Hunter Secretariat, and now, he’s bending his body backward to send a gaze of approval to Jaehwang.

Jaehwang laughed. ‘What a funny guy.’

“Let’s have a cup of coffee.”

“Yes, yes.”

The emperor went out with the secretary-general. Familiar with Jaehwang’s down-to-earth nature, he accepted Jaehwang’s vending machine coffee with glee.

Sitting on the bench, Jaehwang first opened his mouth.

“I have a secretary working on VJ cases, are you okay?”

“Hahaha, it’s not bad. No, it’s very good, actually.” The Secretary-General exaggeratedly shook his hands. “This job lets you face the world’s strongest 10-star hunters one on one.”

People at Martial Arts House who see Jaehwang all the time might not think this was a big deal, but those hunters would want this coffee to be paying billions of dollars.

The first to speak was Jaehwang.

“I heard about you from my grandfather.”

“Yes.”

“You trained with my grandfather?”

The secretary nodded with a sad look.

“I was trained every day as part of the special force. It was so harsh that I almost wanted to forget about it but still, those days were indeed rewarding.”

It was a long time ago, but it was a valuable experience in the secretary’s life.

“My grandfather said that you are a trustworthy person, so I thought that we should give you a chance. ”

“I see. The elderly man... ”

“In fact, at that time, I tried to ignore the Korean Hunter Secretariat and tried to communicate directly with the World Hunter Secretariat, but when I heard this from my grandfather, I knew I was too intolerant. Sorry.” Jaehwang bowed his head.

“No, you’re not intolerant. Although I have just started in the office as a general secretary, I do not think that it was excusable. If I had monitored them more firmly, they couldn’t have done it. ” The secretary-general bowed his head as if it was difficult to receive Jaehwang’s bow.

But soon, he looked at Jaehwang with a determined gaze. It was not like his crouching stance before. He looked straight into Jaehwang’s eyes and said, “but the Korean Hunter Secretariat is still healthy. Please believe me on this one. ”

Jaehwang smiled a little at his words.

‘He is a good person. I don’t know anything about this person yet, however, I heard stories about him from Kwon Je. I didn’t believe it at first. The man in his early fifties, he’s constantly trying to keep a low profile but he used to be a grim reaper in the special division. He said that he was a man who couldn’t be broken.”

Men do not change, however, the fact that such a person can teach himself to bow like this was telling Jaehwang that Joon-seok was not an ordinary man.

Jaehwang made some changes to the original plan and it was to include this man in his plans for the future.

“I know. No, even if I don’t believe Hunter Secretariat, I will believe in you.”

“Thank you.”

At Jaehwang’s words, he bowed once more.

Jaehwang did the same thing, this was a man to be respected.

The Secretary-general picked up the coffee with a lighter look. It has cooled down, but the taste was better than ever. He felt strange; the mana waves that emanated from Jaehwang’s body covered both of them. He then stared into his eyes with a firm look, saying, “I blocked them from spreading around and from now on, what I say should never go outside.”

The secretary nodded and after listening to Jaehwang, his face began to harden. He became more serious than ever.

“Is that... really?”

“Yeah, the three dimensions will be one in three years at the latest and it’s not just the three races coming in together. It would summon a great cataclysm that would kill millions of people.”

“I don’t want to imagine... but I see... and... if so, that Baek Lin... ”

“Yes. He is still looking for the dimensional separation device somewhere in Dark Earth. If he finds the separator, I will go there and reactivate it with him. If that works then no more gates will appear in between the three dimensions. ”

“Would no more gates mean that there will be no more monsters?”

“There will be no monsters except for the ones who have already come and settled on earth.”

He nodded with a firm look in response to Jaehwang. “I see, that’s why you said it’s a secret. People who love the appearance of new monsters and the pioneers of the new dimensions are going to hate it.”

“Yes.”

“There will be a tremendous impact on the mana stone industry, which has been noted as the world’s new growth engine. We could expect the prices of mana stones surging after this. I can guarantee that there would be a lot of people who would say that they would rather have the bloodthirsty battle they had 60 years ago. They would go as far as to say that things are different now.”

The monsters of the Dark Earth were different, even if they had nuclear bombs and even if they had dozens of Jaehwangs, they won’t be able to stop them.

“Go to Dark Earth and reactivate the dimensional separator...” While replaying Jaehwang’s words, he suddenly opened his eyes wide. “But if you activate the dimensional separator again, would you be able to come back?”

Jaehwang shook his head at his question. “That’s something that you don’t need to worry about.”

It should not be revealed that Baeklin can create gates but he misunderstood Jaehwang’s words in a different way.

‘He is not thinking of coming back.’

After all, Jaehwang was so young. He was the world’s strongest... he was only a young man in his mid-20s, the absolute man who silenced the Ogamushi, which was evaluated to belong at the 10th tier. Honestly, it may be better for this young man to combine the three dimensions instead of separating them. He would need to cooperate around the world to prepare for that day and live proudly in the name of the world’s strongest.

Of course, there will be a great sacrifice for that to happen and in it, he would become a legend.

He will be revered as a god, as the earth’s mightiest.

However, he chose to drive the monsters out of the earth at the expense of himself. He was willing to remain alone in Dark Earth full of monsters.

“I understand your will.” The general secretary bowed once again. His waist was bent over before, but now, his bow was different.

It was now a bow of utter respect.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 234: Another Risk – 1




#1

The season has passed summer and fell into winter.

A lot has happened in the meantime. Somalia was completely changed in just half a year by the power of astronomical money poured out by Jaehwang. Surely it was hard to get rid of the poverty that existed for more than a hundred years. Again, the most troubling thing was the matter of religion and race.

But Jaehwang did it and as he was advised, he poured out money that could not be protested against. The money that he had given them created a time of harmony beyond religion and tribes.

There were many who resisted, but they also fell to the power of money one by one, and while the whole of Somalia cannot be freed, Pantland had certainly caught up with the other states around it.

Trillions of dollars were poured into this country.

The World Hunter Secretariat was also excluded this time. Including them will reduce their financial burden in exchange for the added psychological burden to the people, and they didn’t want that.

Jaehwang, who wanted an army to move with him, casually paid the money by himself. Without the help of the Invincible Palace, they would not have been able to stabilize the situation in just half a year.

The Invincible Palace gave full human and physical support to what Jaehwang was trying to do and when Somalia became stabilized to some extent, Jaehwang began recruiting hunters and hunter-seekers from around the world.

Hunters move on money, but Jaehwang gave them a condition that could not be ignored.

‘You could volunteer at Martial Arts House for the next five years, provided that you would fully support everything for our growth.’

At first glance, one might think that it was similar to the Awakening Army’s conditions, but it has a different merit. If they could turn an individual into a group called an army, the soldier on the battlefield would be considered as a horse.

In some cases, the military could also be used as a channel to discard people to take its usual death tolls for granted.

Jaehwang’s offer was supported by a proven Hunter training processor of Invincible along with a forced awakening.

Since Somalia has not started the monster hunt, the place right outside it turned to be a monster’s paradise. A little out of the area where the humans live lies a land infested by monsters. There was no better place for them to level up.

Jaehwang also ran around the world raiding Tier 9 monsters to level up and earn some money.

It could be strengthened through training and meditation, but a Hunter’s most basic means of strengthening was to upgrade his/her tools. People naturally thought that Jaehwang would now be sitting at the highest level.

However, Jaehwang was not yet full. To be precise, he was ranked S in the early autumn.

His rate of improvement was unreal. In the case of Kwon Je, it was only in his mid-50’s that he became an S-ranked hunter. It was only possible because he raided around 9-tier monsters. There were still two more stages of SS rank and SSS rank that he could attain.

As Jaehwang’s 9-tier monster raid accelerated, the world slowly began to stabilize. Occasionally, a new gate would be generated, but since 9 tier monsters were being raided, the threat coming from the front line of monsters was reduced. The other hunters were now sufficient enough to stop the waves on their own.

Of course, some countries did not receive such benefits.

Such as Japan.

Jaehwang completely rejected Japan’s raid requests because of the Oogamushi incident. They tried to criticize Jaehwang in name of humanitarian rights but Jaehwang did not buy any of it. The reason why Japan was so frustrated was that the other nations were starting to regain their glory while they were still stuck with their predicament.

Additionally, the unenlightened Liberal Democratic Party declared, “we will admit Dokdo as a Korean territory forever.” Nowadays, so many citizens were giving up their citizenship that even without monsters, their country was on the verge of collapsing.

Moreover, a huge gate was once again opened in Japan.

Fortunately, it was an Elus Gate not the Dark Earth Gate as before, but the location and the monsters that appeared made Japan declare a state of emergency.

[9 Tier Lava Golem Appears at the top of Mount Fuji]

Along with a huge article, a picture was wired around the world.

Mt. Fuji was not small. Although it was not a year-long snow-capped mountain, Mt.Fuji, covered in four seasons of snow was a national heritage and a symbol for the Japanese people. Now, there was no snow at the top of Mt.Fuji. The fires and smoke were soaring, and inside it was a huge rocky creature with a size that could be seen from afar with the naked eye.

Its estimated size was about 100 meters in height and dozens of flame-based monsters have been found around Lava Golem. But it doesn’t stop there.

[Lava Golem triggers a massive eruption at Mt. Fuji!]

Whether the high-heat lava golem appeared at the top of Mt. Fuji or if it was time to burst, Japan’s earthquake offices began to talk seriously about the volcanic eruption of Mt. Fuji.

Mt. Fuji is only 100km away from Tokyo. The people of Tokyo who had already suffered physical damages due to Ogamushi had to prepare for evacuation once again.

A volcanic eruption would make things worse but of course, it would only just be the beginning. An eruption would be accompanied by massive earthquakes that could possibly result in a tsunami and it still doesn’t end there.

The lava going down from the volcano would help the monsters with their waves and with that, Japan called for its salvation towards the Republic of Korea and unlike the last time, Jaehwang agreed to help them.

It’s late autumn on the 27th of November.

The Martial Arts House announced that Jaehwang decided to hunt the Lava Golem.

Knowing the relationship between Japan and Jaehwang, countries around the world gave a great significance to Jaehwang’s decision and wired the news around the world.

‘I am still not satisfied with the Japanese government, but I would not turn away from the Japanese people.’

The Japanese cheered and rejoiced.

Knowing about the dual behavior of the Japanese government who had considered Jaehwang’s raid at the time as well as the use of nuclear weapons, they had no choice but to accept him now.

Jaehwang hated the Japanese government but he did not intend to abandon its people, so as soon as the raid request came in, he accepted it. He only delayed his response because Irumi advised that they should not easily grant the Japanese government’s requests.

And it was 7 pm, about 5 hours after the announcement of Jaehwang’s raid.

There was a piece of news for the Japanese that could be devastating.

[Lava Golem Raid has been completed successfully.]

The Lava Golem was a 9-tier monster that frightened their country. Its high temperatures and the thousands of flame-based monsters scattered around Lava Golem had hindered almost anyone from making a move.

The Japanese hunters, who were up for the challenge, came down the mountain after being hunted by flame monsters without even being able to touch the Lava Golem. The Japanese government even considered the use of nuclear weapons as the worst-case scenario, but Jaehwang had completed his raid in just five hours.

The actual time was much less than that.

It took him five hours to prepare for the raid, to ride the raid quadcopter, and to get from where he was to Mount Fuji.

Jaehwang did not even go to Mount Fuji. He only fired an arrow ten kilometers away from his target. Someone in the copter even said, “geez, save some face for a 9-tier monster.”

Then, the Lava Golem, who was hit by one arrow, fell on Mount Fuji. Its size was so huge that the volcano’s height rose slightly. The monster disappeared too vainly in contrast to the fear it installed in so many people.

Everything seemed to go on smoothly but at this moment, no one knew that bigger events were happening in Elus than on Earth as well as the Lava Golem in Japan.

#2

*many hunters panting heavily*

*Clink*Clink*

“Run!”

Dozens of hunters in the latest power suits proudly made by the US military were running through an unknown woods.

“We would no longer be chased if we get to point A! Run on full capacity!” The leader with blood on his face shouted at the center of their group.

“Yes!”

He ordered them as he pushed a few buttons at the side of his helmet. “Pigeon! This is Team Alpha! Can you hear me? ”

*radio wave phasing*

“Pigeon! Pigeon! Damn it, it has to be me.”

He could already imagine what happened to the other team.

The Suin people who they had made friends with secretly helped them out, but as for the other team, if they have not answered by now, he knew what that meant.

“El Temple Knights at 70 degrees! 30 new aircrafts coming in! ”

“We’ll break through without enganging! Tanker!”

Dozens of tankers running in front him pulled out some huge balls from the subspace.

*Cheep! Cheep!*

When they were put together, a steel structure shaped like a giant siege weapon was created. It has a shield in the middle to block the projectiles coming from the front.

“Breakthrough! Breakthrough!”

The tankers carrying it quickened their pace at their leader’s call.

The Temple Knights were forming their way forward. At nearly four meters in height, they were clad in armor with their auras waving.

*grrrrrr*

The walls that they were about to run into was built by shields and bayonets with someone who appeared to be their commander standing on its center.

“Hah! You measly giants! How dare you step in with those dirty feet!”

Lee, the leader of the knights, shouted in El language.

But this side was not going to listen to him. The language of the Suin came through the translator but they ignored it. They have already crossed an impossible river with a bit of luck just as he thought.

“Shoot!”

Kwak! Kwak! Kwakwat!

When dozens of them fired their 50-caliber rifle all at once, their opponents jumped a bit and then, the humans went through the shields without missing the gap. Some knights slashed the hunters down with their weapons but most of the hunters broke out of their formation to save themselves.

Some time has passed and the conductor’s hand then went up.

“Stop!”

*gasping for breath*

Those who followed him at his cry sat down on the floor.

“Hah... you are in the right place.”

The leader sighed again after confirming his current position. This place was something that they had considered as a sacred land. The knights believed that the sacred lands from ancient times were from the gods, but they didn’t believe in such old superstitions.

“James... is the pigeon...”

“Yes, Charlotte,” he replied and at his response, the woman cried.

“This is why I said that we should wait for the Mana Stone’s deal!”

“Damn it! I’m a soldier! Hah... ”

He saw the tears in her eyes as he shouted at her. The Peace Team and the Pigeon Team included many scholars who were like their own siblings.

“Damn it, only if Colonel Powell didn’t force this plan...”

Shaking his head, he pondered again at what happened.

The fact that the Suin girl rescued by the Daehyun Clan of South Korea was a senior noblewoman of the Elus giant tribal nation made the US Hunter Secretariat insist that they should escort her safely through her country so she could interact with the other Elus inhabitants. With this excuse, a peace mission was made.

They had a long journey but the earnest welcome they got made them forget all of their hardships. The work went very smoothly because unlike other ethnic groups, the Suin was a tribal nation made up of many other groups so they were not wary of humans with unusual features.

Although informal, they signed a peace treaty with the king and shared their culture with them but the problem arose when they brought up the idea of economic exchange.

“You can’t trade mana stones?”

“It is absolutely impossible. Mana Stones are collectively managed by the temple.”

They insisted firmly and they had a valid reason for it. Mana Stones were also an important resource in Elus.

They also used mana stones in their secret rituals and the problem was that mana stones could only be obtained through a sacrifice of a life.

You can also get them from monsters, but when a Suin dies, they would also leave a mana stone.

The damage caused by the mana stones were so severe that they had annihilated each other’s tribes to obtain mana stones in the past. Therefore, the mana stones had been taken care of by the temple of the goddess L and its distribution was strictly prohibited. The national law strictly forbade the trade of Sasaroy mana stone and the temple killed all the people involved in the trade.

The problem was that Lieutenant Colonel Powell, who was an axis of the peace mission, secretly tried to build a mana stone trade route. That was the reason why they were now being chased by those knights.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 235: Dragon – 1




#1

*crushing*

“Who are you ?!”

The guy who was watching the area shouted, aiming the rifle towards the sound where it came from.

They are not in the earth but in the middle of the Elusian Suin Kingdom. The muzzle of the gun trembled at the soldier’s extreme anxiety.

“Fuck! Move! It’s Powell! ”

A man passed by, roughly hitting the muzzle.

Dozens of soldiers tumbled behind him. All of them were in the blood of the Suins. In particular, the leading black man has a strong stench of blood all over his body. They tumbled to where Team A was sitting and sat down.

“Do we have a healer?! Treat the injured! ”

Powell’s nasty cry caused the healer of Team A to get up slowly, but James stopped him.

“Stop! Hanson, your mana should be saved. ”

Powell’s face was grimly bound by James’s actions.

“What are you doing ?! Major James! ”

“Hanson had consumed most of his mana, so our side was treated with the emergency kit. I’m trying to preserve my team’s fighting power, Colonel Powell! ”

James sees Lieutenant Colonel Powell’s men’s injury as a minor one.

“Are you not following the orders of your superior?”

James jumped at his words. Powell was his superior as he said, but he didn’t back down as the head of team one.

It was then that Charlotte appeared and touched Colonel Powell made his eyes open wide.

“Did you kill Ana?”

Ana was the Suin female chief warrior who protected her, she and her warrior corps have been here for years.

“Yeah! That bitch sold us!. ”

“No that’s not true! you! She advised you to surrender! ”

Charlotte had a higher detection skill, and she could see everything from the person she touched. In her head were the words he had said to kill her.

‘Die, you disturbed my work. Dirty Suin bitch! ‘

Powell wasn’t on very good terms with Ana.

“Shut up! That bitch led us to the Temple Knights!. ”

“Accurately, they found you out for illegal mana stone trade. I see now why did El’s temple knights attack us so angrily!? Had you not resisted, there would have been room for conversation with the El’s temple! AHHH!!” Charlotte raised her hand to slap him.

*Boom*

Charlotte, who was about to attack him, fell to the floor screaming.

Powell’s fist had reached her stomach first.

“You bitch! I only followed the orders above! The mana stone deal was the first goal of the United States. You idiots could have succeeded if none of you delayed it!”

“No, it was possible if you didn’t move hastily. Thanks to you, the pigeon team was killed! ”

“Hmm, I couldn’t help it!”

“Because of your eternity!”

“Bitch!”

James blocked him when his troops tried to hit her stomach again.

“What!?”

“Stop it.”

“Fucking bitch!”

*CLANK*

Powell’s hand went to his waist. He saw a long sword that had not yet cooled down from the blood of the Suin.

“These in pairs ... you dare stop me!?”

“Ugh...” At the words of Powell, James hardened.

Powell was a stronger hunter even before he was his superior. If he decides to kill someone, there would be no place for that someone to escape. He just thought that they should just work together right now.

Charlotte regretted in tears as the two men confronted each other.

‘It was a mistake.’

She should have spent more of her time to convince the Korean hunters.

No, that was what they originally intended, however, the US Hunter Secretariat and the US Department of Defense agreed to it when the South Korean hunter refused the offer and invited Colonel Powell to join the mission. Indeed, the Republic of Korea, or rather, the Invincible, had a stake in the mission.

It was them that saved the girl from the Daehyun Clan and asked for personal protection.

In addition, the Suin girl also wanted the Korean hunter to go with her. However, the US Hunter Secretariat and the US Department of Defense, who did not want to share what they could get from their exchanges with the Suin, made their own delegation.

Thanks to that damn Powell, everything went wrong.

‘Daimell ... I should have done what you said.’

Daimell was the name of a Suin girl.

If the Korean hunters were with them throughout the trip, Powell or his invasion team would not have been necessary, and events like this would not have happened. But did they say regret is regret because it is always late?

She decided to do her best now.

As Powell faced James, she held a small autonomous syringe in her arms. It was a syringe containing a super anesthetic that one always carry in case of emergency. Designed to be concealed in the hand as it was originally intended, she squeezed the safety pin on the syringe and pressed it against Powell’s calf as he stared at James.

*pshhhh*

Powell, feeling hot in the calf with the sound of a wisp, looked down at his leg. There, Charlotte looked up at him with a smile.

“What are you doing!?” Powell’s voice was full of rage.

He knew what Charlotte injected into his body.

That shot could even make a Tier 4 monster pass out. She was able to use it through her device designed to pierce through even a monster’s tough shell.

“You have to come to your senses...Ugh!!”

“You stupid bitch!”

*BSSHH!!*

Powell’s feet crushed her head as if it were a watermelon.

It happened so fast. James looked up at him as well as Powell’s own subordinates in surprise. Even though she used anesthetics against him, those were non-lethal and he just stepped on her like that.

It was then, as he looked into Powell’s eyes, James realized that his eyes were strange.

He had oddly out-of-focus eyes.

*Ching... Ching*

James picked up his weapon, the Bastard Sword.

“Get ready to fire!”

*Cheep! Cheep! Cheep!*

At James’s call, his men quickly aimed the COD at Powell. Powell’s men looked at them with their confused eyes. Charlotte’s death was just as shocking as their captain getting attacked.

“Lieutenant Colonel Powell is now deprived of his position!” James exclaimed.

Killing Charlotte rightly deprived Colonel Powell of his posting.

“Huh, all of you...”

Powell’s eyes began to turn red, he was bringing up his skills...

Nervous, James also focused his mana on his weapon. The anesthesia was given, so he slowly retreated to his plan that he had to hold it to some extent. However, Lt. Powell suddenly smiled as he watched him.

“It’s fun. I don’t know human psychology either. ”

With that, Powell suddenly grabbed his own head with both hands. And...

*BRRBRBRR*

With a terrible shredding sound, he twisted his own head backward.

“What, what?!”

Powell fell down right away.

He was crazy to kill Charlotte, but he’s the strongest hunter in the mission. If they wanted to escape from here... they didn’t like it, but they needed Powell’s power.

But he broke his own neck...

The quickest one to gain sanity was James.

“Attack! Dense!”

His call quickly brought him and Powell’s team together.

“Parmer! Knocker! Psychological buffs! Jake and Harold! Detection! ”

“Yes!”

Being in a team for several years, his instructions were quick.

But James soon faced a ridiculous situation. There was no need to find anything by using their detection skill anymore, their opponent appeared in front of them. It was a small woman, their opponent was a human like them.

“Aim!!”

All of Powell’s teams, including James’s team, pointed at her all at once, however, she acted like she did not know how intimidating the gun was. She just stepped forward and stood before them.

Then, she pulled something out of her arms and placed them in her mouth. She flicked her fingers naturally to create a small flame, which she then placed in her teeth.

“Hou...”

“To, tobacco?”

James had no words in this unbelievable situation. What she took out was not a common cigarette, it was made of paper. At first glance, this pack of cigarettes was written with “Hallasan” in Korean. This place was hundreds of kilometers from earth apart from the dimensional differences, and here she was smoking paper cigarettes...

*puff*

“Haaaah...”

With a sense of familiarity, she breathes into the smoke and stared at them with her drowsy eyes.

James glanced at her from head to toe with his sharp eyes.

She seems to be in her early twenties. He cannot tell her ethnicity, but it seems like she was a mix of a westerner and an Asian, and she was beautiful, by far the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.

But he didn’t allow himself to get enchanted by her beauty since for now, around him were Powell with a twisted neck, and Charlotte, whose head had been shattered.

“Who are you?” He asked as carefully as possible. He felt that he should not make enemies with nasty words.

“Me? Goddess L.”

James bit his lips in her short answer.

He wanted to say that she was crazy, but her appearance was so absurd. Sadly, she was so ridiculous that she had credibility in her words. Besides, she was now... using English.

Yes, the goddess El... The goddess El, who also shared the name of this territory, Elus, which was in front of her.

It was unknown who first started calling this alternate dimensional place Elus. It was accepted so naturally that at one point, it became official.

James was in conflict. He was an atheist but now, he met a woman that introduced herself as a goddess. He didn’t know how to react. If he believed her words, it was obvious they were all dead meat.

“We... HPPFF!”

“Shut up.”

James opened his mouth to find a way to live, but he soon realized that his mouth was not moving.

“Shut up and stay still. I never allowed you to talk.”

She sucked the cigarettes at once, dropping its ashes lightly before putting the filter back in her arms. She took out a new one and lit it. She was a heavy smoker.

“You dare to enter my land and kill my children.”

“...!”

James wanted anyone to step up and speak for him, but the others who turned their heads looked the same. They had also had their mouths sealed.

At her word, a bargaining weapon called language disappeared.

“Baeklin’s requested me to do so, so I just ended up watching. He cursed so much about America, saying that their greed has no end. He was right.”

She nodded as she approached them.

“!!”

James went crazy as his body turned numb, he could no longer move even a finger.

“We don’t need to have a lot of such loud bugs.”

*STRIKE*

She wiped her hand as if she was annoyed, and...

*Fufu ... fufufufu! Ugh! Pew pew!*

With a sharp noise, everyone except James’ neck flew into the air. All he saw was a bloody fountain in the air, no one else survived that.

The eyes of those heads remained empty as if they couldn’t believe what just happened as they fell to the ground.

*heads falling*

“!!GASP!!”

The tears of blood flowed from James’ hardened eyes.

His men, who have been in trouble with him for many years, have all died in vain at the same time.

L smiled at him and said, “Hooh, are you upset? Tell me what you feel.”

The moment she said “tell me,” James’s mouth began to burst.

“You bitch! You’re a dog!!”

James inflicted her with all the curse he could do.

One of his team members had a wife and an unborn daughter waiting for him. Another had a 10-year-long relationship who had decided to get married soon after their operation. Even though they shared sorrow and joy, this monster treated their own men as if they were worms.

But she was not agitated at all...

Rather, a bright smile appeared on her face.

“That’s a funny swear word. Baeklin said that Americans swearing was no fun but it was a lie.”

“Ha ...”

In response to her, James sighed.

He swore his best, but the other person just thought that it was funny. He soon regretted his decision, he thought that it would’ve been better if he died with his team.

“Since my promise to Baeklin was broken anyway, I have to go get the price of the blood of my children? Did you say the USA? ”

“What do you mean!?”

James felt a chill all over his body but before he was able to open his mouth, his head flew into the air.

It was too vain of a death, and the goddess L just said casually as if she didn’t care that she had just taken one life.

“R! I’m coming,” she said in midair.

After a while, something gigantic murmured from the air and a huge head, dozens of times larger than her body appeared. It was a dragon and its head was fixated to El.

[El Natila Diabis Harana Geglidion... Are you telling me to be a good goddess too?]

“Please answer accordingly. I can’t help it, I made a pledge with the Suins. I’ll play with you ogres and dracones later.”

At her words, the giant dragon looked at her eyes for a while and slowly spoke telepathically.

[Grrr... 10 cigarettes... no bargaining.]

It seems to be used a lot like an exchange means. But L, who would normally try to reduce the numbers even slightly, was happy to accept the condition.

“Good. Well, it’s me, I can just ransack those easily. Hohoho ”

Her answer narrowed the eyes of the giant dragon.

Then, he rolled his eyes around as if he was thinking. He seemed nervous.

[My... take mine too. I’m almost finished.]

“Sure, whatever,” L replied cheerfully and flew into the air before disappearing into a flash of light.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 236: Dragon – 2




#1

The Earth’s crust rose and danced. The rain of fire poured down from the sky and in the rain, the 11 colonies of the United States disappeared. Only two hours, the time it took for 11 colonies of 300,000 square meters to turn into ruins was just two hours.

When the head of the United States heard of this urgent entry from the military line, they all thought it was ridiculous. Each colony had at least 1,000 Hunters. Only the United States, with its strong economic power and richer hunter resources than any other country in the world, could do it. Even without their hunter resources, the US military boasts of the latest military weapons. Their bases were equipped with strategic weapons that boast of its capability to drive Tier 8 monsters.

“Help me!”

“AGHHHHH!”

All became useless. They couldn’t believe it, but they saw it themselves. A huge form floating over the 11 colonies... It was a golden giant figure shining brightly in the sun with its scales as big as humans arranged neatly to form a formidable armor.

The colony fell into the hell of despair as the giant thing swept through the colony over a dozen times.

Dozens of missiles were sent in an attempt to stop it, but of course, they failed.

“Fire magic!”

A torrent of flames poured out from the monster’s head, pushing the people below to run away.

That rain of flames melted the tanks and roasted the people inside of them. The missiles that were not fired blew up, creating further damage.

*KUKUKUKUKUKU*

The tectonic crust was split, buildings are falling, and the people were screaming as they ran away. A true living hell had unfolded.

“This can’t be won.”

In despair, the Colonel Commander sat down in despair even though he knew that he was being filmed on the side.

Aside from physical attacks, the monster destroyed the 11 colonies solely through the magic he was beaming out.

#2

The US president, who had maximum control of the media, hurriedly convened an emergency meeting and silently watched the last video of the 11 colonies in a bunker under the White House.

“It’s a dragon. Do I have to subscribe to EloPaper in the future? ”

The Secretary of Homeland, who knows about the Elus Dragons shook his head.

“Now is not the time to say that! Our 11 Colonies were wiped out! We didn’t even have the time to use nuclear weapons!”

*BANG*

US Secretary of Defense, Hamilton, slammed the table. “There are 50,000 Americans living in those 11 colonies. Nuclear weapons, you say?! ”

While the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland were shouting at each other, the director of the FBI opened his mouth with a heavy face.

“It’s not important now. Tracking that dragon is possible, you should immediately issue an MH 10 alert to all of our Elus Colonies. ”

In the case of monsters or villains appearing, dropping an MH 10 into the colony, the highest level of alert, would mean that all colonies’ economic activity would stop. That’s how serious this was. They haven’t calculated the amount of damage that that dragon had done but if they showed that video to everyone, not one of them would be able to say a thing.

“Do we have any countermeasures for it?”

“Ummm.”

Everyone shut their mouths with a firm look. At this time, the name of the ten-star Hunter from the Republic of Korea came to their minds.

It was because of the American pride of Hunter hegemony. These past years, their pride in being the strongest country of hunters had crumbled down because of Korea. It would be such a shame for them to ask for help.

“Hah, anyway, our priority is finding it first.”

“I have something to tell you.” The CIA Director, Neil Howard, raised his hand to call everyone’s attention.

Tracing is the CIA’s responsibility by managing Oracle’s proud Oracle system.

Neil Howard opened his mouth with a video on the screen.

“At the time when the 11 colonies were ruined, a strong mana wave was detected that was not registered with the Oracle. At first, I thought it was Villain but I analyzed the CCTV video...”

On the screen were powerful monsters and people quickly passing through the Colony Gate Management Station. The screen then changed and a shadow passed by on the footage. Everyone’s mouths began to widen.

They saw a creepy figure of a cursed monster flying in the air. Thousands of lives would disappear as soon as the monster bombs the gate, however, it turned around and faded out like a mirage.

It evaporated in an instant into the sky as if it was a lie...

“I noticed an unregistered mana wave through the gate shortly after that happened.”

The CIA director stopped the screen and opened his mouth.

“What is the connection between that and that unregistered mana wave? As you know, the gate is 40 meters in diameter,” asked the Secretary of Homeland.

The monster that appeared seemed a bit slimmer, but no matter how crumpled it seemed, it won’t be able to pass through that gate. In addition, their security was not that bad to the point that they would let a monster in.

“As you know, I think we should analyze it further, considering that the monster uses magic powers that have not yet been identified.”

“Huh, Neil, sounds like you’re saying that the monster has shrunk to make itself pass through the gate.”

The FBI chief spoke for the sake of making fun, but the CIA director, Neil, nodded as if he was right by throwing his finger upwards before switching the screen.

“At around 13:00 today, a human awakener with that same mana wavelength near downtown Los Angeles was captured. And about 20 minutes later, it was captured about 30km away.”

“Now, we are talking about monsters.”

The deputy director of the FBI knocked on the table.

He was implying that Neil should stop being ridiculous. Neil nodded, however, his point was correct.

“Yes. It looks like a human, but it has the same mana wavelength. That is the monster we’re talking about.”

When he pushed the tablet, dozens of dots began to appear on the screen.

The red spots appeared at random... there were about 20 of them and they started to connect in time.

“If this is not a monster, what is a monster?”

All the red dots on the screen were labeled as an awakener and underneath, a magnified version of the CCTV footage appeared. The screen that appeared was that of a CCTV installed in a shop, and the figure in the screen was throwing boxes given by the store owner in the air. The boxes disappeared from the air. It looked like a subspace used by hunters. The difference is that boxes went in indefinitely.

“It’s a woman? But what is that? What is she doing? ”

“She was stealing cigarettes.”

“Stealing?”

“Yeah. The store owner is giving it to them so naturally, but she did not actually pay. The funny thing is that all the shopkeepers thought that they were all paid for. The crucial thing is that after checking all the CCTVs, the gate closest to the 11th colony where the woman was first discovered is connected to LA. ”

After leaving the shop, the woman walked down the street with an excited look before flashing away.

“What is that ... what?”

“I contacted the Awakening Analysis team and told them that they couldn’t figure it out. The ability was called ‘teleport’ and so far, none of the awakeners had used that ability.”

“Not even unofficially?”

Everyone who knew the meaning of formal and informal closed their mouths. They were all busy thinking about their newly discovered skills. It looks like it’s not a big deal, but it was a tremendous ability just like what the CIA director said.

“There is no awakener that can use that skill. We can’t rule one’s ability to shrink or to turn into a human just yet.”

“So, what do you want to say?” The US president, Bill Trump, said from the podium. With haste, he asked for the CIA director’s explanation.

“Our analysis team claimed that it’s possible that our subject could turn into a human, although it hasn’t been filmed.”

A monster turning into a human? It sounds like something that would only appear in fantasy novels.

“What is the basis for this analysis?”

“We don’t have enough evidence. In fact, it was such a foolish hypothesis that I tried to categorize it as a minority report.”

At the end of his speech, everyone on the market frowned as they started at the CIA director.

Was he aware of how urgent this meeting was? The influence of those in this position was too great to say that inferences were true without intuition.

One would never say how the effects of these little disagreements would affect the hegemony of the United States.

“Are you saying that this dragon is transforming into a human woman just to infiltrate the earth, roam LA, and steal cigarettes?”

“Yes, and the Oracle Systems says that they are all the same person.”

“If you’re right, it means you have to announce MH 10 all over America. Do you know what that means?” Bill Trump said in a firm voice. There was a huge difference between announcing it to the colonies and getting the news to the entire mainland of the United States.

“I’ll put my position in line. I believe that the Oracle system is perfect.”

In Neil’s words, everyone’s expressions were hardened.

“Good, then let’s discuss how to catch that woman.”

At the words of the president, everyone sighed with a firm look. This monster smashed 11 colonies in two hours, they should not approach this lightly...

“According to their actions, they have been identified as having a level of human intelligence. How about we start a conversation?”

“Listen to yourself. They wiped out our colonies, and you want to start a conversation with them?”

“Isn’t it a matter of judging by the logic of black and white?”

“No compromise with monsters!”

As the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland growl with each, the CIA director, Neil Howard, who is acquainted with Jaehwang, moved as if he was about to say something.

“The US Hunter Office will try it first,” the man sitting still at the end said while raising his body.

This is Jean Tefman, the Secretary-General of the US Hunter Secretariat.

“U.S. Hunter Office?”

“Yes.”

“It’s not just a challenge. It looks like a Tier 9 monster judging by looks alone, but this monster uses magic and has intelligence as well.”

“I am speaking with enough possibilities. Also, in recent years, the body of the 9 Tier Monster has been released in large quantities, and our elite forces have mostly been upgraded with weapons and armor made of its by-products. Furthermore, as the CIA director said, if the woman is the dragon, we’ll have to capture her once she’s in her human form.” He showed confidence.

They spent an astronomical amount of money to buy tier 9 monster by-products but thanks to it, their total battle power had increased tremendously. It was not just a change of weapons and armor.

“I acknowledge your confidence, but I think you should ask the Archer Master for support in the case. Don’t forget that this monster is now in LA. If it fails, it will cause damage that is incomparable to our colonies,” Neil said.

It was up to the hunters to take the risks and not to themselves.

Always consider the worst.

“Neil, since when have you been so thirsty for a 10-star hunter? We are not weak! ” Jean Tefman frowned.

The president was also present, so he didn’t flex, but he was also a seven-star hunter. Just by existing, he intimidated Neil Howard.

Neil stared at Jean Tefman’s eyes while he was sweating. “Your pride!”

“Excuse me?!”

There was a breathtaking silence between the two. At that time, the video on the screen changed abruptly and a man jumped in. It is the president’s assistant who was waiting in the outside conference room

“Emergency! The Dragon has appeared in LA!”

When they saw the giant figure on the screen, everyone in the room froze. It’s overwhelming size that was so large it covered half of the sky intimidated them.

It turned its huge head around and its eyes narrowed

*bump*

The top part of its stomach popped out. Then, the bulge moved to his neck and into his mouth. It leaned back as if it was about to puke something out and when it opened its cave-like fangs...

*KWWAAAAA*

Blue dazzling flashes ripped the ground. The buildings exposed to the front of the flash tore up in two. Everything it swept past exploded, it even swallowed up the sound. The people that were caught melted without even screaming.

It took less than three minutes for a block of Los Angeles to be destroyed by an outbreak of the Dragon’s breath. The dragon glanced at what he had done and turned west by fluttering his huge wings.

“He, call him.”

“Who...”

“The Master Archer...”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 237: Dragon – 3




#1

“Haahh...”

Jaehwang got up from his seated posture and lightly stretched his body.

“About 30km now...”

The winter plan for Jaehwang was to break up the Three Thousand Bridges villain group. Although they hid into Elus because of the impediment from Invincible and Jaehwang, it was clear that those villains would come back again after some time.

This plan required the secret assassination of the brain of the group, and that required the Bright Eye. The Bright Eye was simply a detective tool, but it gives him the advantage that could turn his plan much more diverse.

Because of this, Jaehwang devoted himself to gain the skill of the Bright Eye.

How to raise proficiency was surprisingly simple...

The way is steady pursuit. He asked one of the express edicts that live in Invincible Palace and received his blood.

They had already talked about the usage beforehand, and the edict happily accepted it. Not only for Jaehwang, but they practiced in a similar way to increase the proficiency of the tracking skills with each other.

In particular, Jaehwang had a unique tracking skill of the Express Secret Order No. 1, so he could give them various advice.

“A surprisingly demanding condition you are in. Blood of the opponent, if you can get enough blood, you need to assume that you will hurt someone. Let’s aim for the 100% proficiency in the skill. The blood requirement might change. If the conditions were relaxed, it would be really useful considering its range.”

His requirement for his tracking skills was the smell of his opponent.

Jaehwang’s skill level in the Bright Eye went up quite fast.

Of course, Jaehwang implemented the Bright Eye during his raid while leveling up, but better the ability of his opponent’s stealth, his speed would be different. This speed could not be achieved without the help of the express secret.

In the afternoon, an oak road raid was scheduled near the northern border, so when Jaehwang was about to finish his training and picking up his clothes, an agent of the Martial Art House opened the door of the training room without warning. He broke the rule that he must not disturb Jaehwang during a training session unless it was an emergency.

“Jaehwang, you must see this.”

#2

*KWWAAAAAA*

A wave of blue rays tore the city...

“Get away!”

*bang! Kwak! bang!!!*

The cars exploded at random, and the debris from the building poured in.

Straight blue flashes penetrated and burnt everything that blocked them.

A giant golden monster hovered above them, and the footage just shook as if it was taken by a smartphone cam. Whenever a dazzling flash of light shines on, it reflected the viewers who are looking firmly on the screen.

As the screen switches, an announcer would appear with this terrifying look on his face along with the sound of people’s screams.

[A terrible scene of El Venas Town in Los Angeles where the hell of great fusion has arrived. To date, the United States and the State have issued the highest level of warning, MH 10, with 142 reported deaths and 1264 people missing. The name of the monster that caused the destruction was named as the Gold Dragon, and the Gold Dragon disappeared toward the west of LA...]

“It took it three minutes to destroy one block. Based on this, we could consider that the Gold Dragon is a Tier 11 Monster,” the Monster Resources team leader said with a serious look.

That announcement confused for everyone in the conference room. It’s as if the people felt like 10 billion dollars was a lot of money but when it comes to 1 trillion dollars, they’re all too busy to calculate its strength in their heads.

“Forgive me for being late. I just got a call from the US president.” The head of the foreign affairs team, who hastened to open the meeting room door, said.

Irumi nodded at his words. An 11th tier monster has appeared so it was natural to contact Jaehwang, but the head of the external affairs team was not finished.

“But it’s not a raid request, it was a raid support request. ”

“A request for support?”

“Yes, this is a request for assistance.”

Irumi’s eyes frowned towards the head of the external affairs team.

Raid requests and raid support requests are quite different. A request is a request for a raid, and a support request means that they would just provide their support. There was a big difference between them. The existing Martial Art House policy was under the condition of taking all of the resources gathered during the raid. If this becomes a form of support, it means that the US would oversee the operation. In addition, the price of Jaehwang was higher, so if the raid failed, they could blame him.

Someone may say that the Martial Art House was greedy, but this was the most optimized raid method fit for everyone. The biggest reason, of course, was that a precedent happened in japan.

Irumi did not want to approve anything without entering the operation right. It was not to say that the United States is like Japan, but Irumi was determined that she could not have blind faith in any nation.

“Are you sure they are asking for support?”

“Yeah. I checked it twice. ”

“Hmm.”

Irumi was seriously troubled by the words of the head of the external business team.

“Tell them that we will think about it.”

At the end of Irumi’s words, the Operations Support Team raised their hands.

“Secretary.”

“Yeah?”

“I know you’re concerned, but this opponent is a Tier 11 monster. I don’t think we should reject them straight up.”

He lowered his hand as he noticed other people around the operation support team.

His words of great courage have a precondition. Jaehwang may not be able to afford to kill a tier 11 monster alone, because unlike the others that he had hunted before, this new monster showed a different kind of capability. It moved according to its invisible strategic movements, unlike the other monsters that moved according to their instincts.

The atmosphere turned cold. He seemed like doubting the invincible power of Jaehwang, which has now changed into faith.

And Jaehwang was also considering his point. No, he knew much more than them, so the depth of his concern was deeper.

Why did the dragon attack America?

This was the question Jaehwang was concerned with.

Baeklin said that the dragon was a bystander and an observer. It didn’t concern itself with humans like them watching ants fight. So far, the fight with the dragon was not the object of Jaehwang. But did the dragon just went to the US to begin its attack?

“It’s quite annoying.”

‘Baeklin had asked me not to tell anyone about the dragon.’

They were too burdensome to consider as allies or as enemies, and if their presence had spread, there would be variables in the future dimensional separation plans. Jaehwang also agreed with it and also has kept it secret. Not that he didn’t trust the Martial Arts House family, but secrets are secrets when few are known.

But now, he might have to fight with the dragon, so he couldn’t keep it a secret any longer.

If unlucky, he might have to fight against a dragon that Baeklin considered as Tier 12.

‘What are the odds against that one?’ Jaehwang asked Goongi.

She was credible because she had much more combat experience than him.

‘90% if you and I do everything’

‘Of course,’ Jaehwang agreed with her.

Goongi, who has completely recovered the power of her heyday and Jaehwang himself, he calculated about that much, but the problem lies elsewhere, there was more than one dragon.

‘What if there’s two?’

‘20%? Even if I aim high, it won’t exceed 30 percent.’

‘Okay.’

There were two dragons. The number would be correct unless Baeklin was lying and had reasons to lose his credibility. So in this case, he can’t let go of the possibility of fighting against two dragons. It was not Jaehwang’s style to just go into a fight and bet everything in his luck.

‘It would be nice to be able to contact Baeklin’

Baeklin was acquainted with the dragon. If Jaehwang could contact him, he could have solved the problem in a way other than a raid. But he was now in the Dark Earth. You can’t look for an unexisting person in this place, at least.

‘We might have to do it.’

‘Are you sure?’

‘Yes. I tried to slow down, but the situation is really not helping.’

‘It’s too dangerous,’ Goongi said in a worrisome tone. Jaehwang was thinking about the Goongiok. It was a prison of soul and time that Goongi made in the past for his training, however, now Jaehwang wanted to enter the Goongiok not to train for martial arts but to study Chintamani Hemolysis.

The reason why Jaehwang wants to study the Chintamani Hemolysis was because of the Arrow of Divine Punishment. As of now, he could only use the Arrow of Divine Punishment once per battle, he had to master this skill not only to defeat the dragons but also for the preparation of his fight on the dark earth.

The problem of studying the Chintamani Hemolysis technique was that it presented a very high risk unlike training for regular martial arts. The Hemolysis technique embodied the supernatural power of the Chintamani Stone.

Studying the Chintamani Hemolysis was the same as studying to embody God’s power.

Even Goongi did not know all about Chintamani stone, this was the reason why she was being cautious.

‘If we need to, we must. I’ll tell them all.’

After much contemplation, Jaehwang opened his mouth.

“From now on, what I say should never go outside this room.”

Irumi, who realized what that meant, manipulated the tablet. After a bit, a layer of thick drywall rose at the exterior of the conference room.

When he was ready, Jaehwang slowly began to talk about what he knew and as his explanation continued, everyone’s face turned pale.

When he said there were two Elus dragons, and it was possible they might have to deal with them together, everyone’s complexion hardened. Tier 12 monsters, not Tier 11... and there’s two. The risk was multiplied by tens times, not just twice. Jaehwang talked about their stance up until now and their attack on the United States after breaking their previous stance.

After the explanation, Irumi said in a little upsetting tone, “If the dragons, who were just a bystander, attacked, then the US might have stimulated them.”

It is not known whether the US had hidden something or not.

However, if America made this mess, Irumi’s idea was that they themselves should deal with it.

“If you have that kind of intelligence, you should be more cautious. A more peaceful resolution could be possible if we knew what went wrong.”

At the words of the Monster Resources team leader, Jaehwang also nodded.

Then, he looked at the head of the external business team.

“For now, the U.S. government cannot go on a raid until the raid plan is in place. America won’t be able to say anything else. Also, try to squeeze out the information of the Gold Dragon from the US government. The more information you have, the better. In addition, the newly established information team’s leader can work towards revealing more of the inside story of this issue. That’s what we need to do.”

“Yes, sir,” A woman in her early thirties with short, sharp eyes replied.

Na Yun-hee, the team leader of the new information team, was appointed by the president, Na Gil-hwan. Although she is Na Gil-hwan’s daughter, she is known for her abilities in the Invincible.

“Monster Resources Team leader, I am asking you to analyze the ability of the dragon.”

“Yes, leave it to me.”

“We might need to prepare for the raid still, please prepare the operation support team accordingly. You are free to use your current 9-tier monster corpse ”

The number of corpses sold to the outside was considerable, but they also owned many in consideration of the international price for the pieces they owned.

“Yes, will do.”

After the work order, Jaehwang got up from his seat and said, “I’m going to go to a closed training for Dragon Raid from now on.”

When Jaehwang said this, everyone looked at him. His opponent was a 12-tier monster. He was trying to face a ridiculously high opponent when everyone else was trying to find a different way than battle.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 238: Dangerous Choice – 1




#1

Along with the catastrophic disaster of the Gold Dragon in downtown Los Angeles, what happened in the colonies had also spread around the world. The total number of missing persons and deaths found has reached nearly 4,000. Considering the recent trend of stabilizing the monster damages in the US, this was one of the biggest damages that they had in recent years.

But the United States did not come up with a solution...

While it’s not perfect, everyone expected that they should be able to track that monster. They mobilized hundreds of drones in addition to the Oracle system, however, the dragon was very difficult to trace because of its teleportation skills. Of course, it’s hard, but not impossible, and they were constantly following the dragon’s tracks. The only thing that they haven’t done was to attack it.

One of the main reasons was its behavior. Dragons do not set their nest like the monsters that everyone knew and spread around, terrorizing every place they go.

Their raids have defeated at least a Tier 11 monster. They’ve gathered all the possible hunters at their disposal but they could still not trace that dragon.

The second reason was that the dragon is an 11-tier aerial monster.

In cases where they caught the sight of the monster, the National Guard would summon its mobile fighters and helicopters, but they were no match against it.

Rather, the missiles they launched fell into the center of the city, producing greater damage.

The third and final reason was that the battle took place in LA, the center of American industry.

They had no safe zones to work with since the attacks had caused mass panic.

Some people may compare this catastrophe to that of the Ogamushi, which occurred in downtown Tokyo, but not all of Tokyo’s citizens had to be evacuated at that time. There were talks of evacuating the entire population of Los Angeles, and the US stocks crashed.

The media has shown that the Gold Dragon was moving towards Las Vegas. Many monster scholars have made a lot of predictions about this move, the most credible of which was that there was something on the Las Vegas side that attracts the Gold Dragon.

Based on traditional fantasy or medieval mythology, they speculated that it was a gold dragon’s egg nested somewhere, or some precious metal such as gold. The citizens of Las Vegas were frightened and were ready to evacuate, saying that dragons could do something different than what they did in LA.

Of course, if you ask the Gold Dragon L why she’s going to Las Vegas, she’ll say just one word.

“It’s shopping. shopping.”

To pinpoint L’s current reasons, she was condemning humans while shopping and touring.

Somehow, she was more focused on shopping than the original purpose of human condemnation, but dragons rarely act as they originally intend. A variety of wonders made by humans aroused the curiosity of the dragon.

At first, it was a purpose for refilling the cigarettes that Baeklin left long ago. L was surprised with the variety and the incomparable quality of tobacco to that of Korea. There were so many fascinating objects to explore. L chose her destination to Las Vegas, the Sin City through the recommendation of a shopkeeper.

“Ah, so annoying.”

People were reluctant to go to the streets because the Gold Dragon could turn into a human, and L became uncomfortable wandering around as a human polymorph. She could wander around in the body of the Gold Dragon, but then, she would not be able to shop at the human scale.

‘Change to be transparent.’

Avoiding the eyes of flies over her head with a simple verbal word, L walked into a fairly large mall nearby.

“Oh...”

Originally, there was also the habit of dragons to like beautiful and shiny things, and the luxury storefronts on the first floor, which can never be found in Elus, excited L’s eyes. In particular, what caught her eye were various precious metals and cosmetics corners.

Dragons don’t necessarily identify as male or female, but L had the basic nature of a female body. The egg of Red Dragon, which plays the role of an evil god in Elus, took on a masculine personality so she naturally took on the role of feminine god. Hence, she also liked to decorate.

Precious metals were originally L’s interest, but the human cosmetics that had developed over hundreds of years were enough to steal her heart.

“Along with Baeklin, humans are useful too.”

There were similar things in Elus but compared to what’s in front of her now, she considered what she had on the other side primitive.

L was considering a very productive idea of kidnapping a few humans who can make this kind of thing while she was walking around the mall.

“Are you here already? I need to wipe it away.”

As she clasped her hands over her head, everyone fell on the floor like a broken doll. They didn’t die, they all just fell into a deep sleep.

“Lalala ...”

Originally the idea was to kill all the humans in this store and then take everything, but she found some nice stuff and felt good, so she just let them faint as a way of providing mercy. With a satisfying smile at her mouth, she waved once again, and everything inside the store floated up in the air as if something invisible was carrying them.

As L opened a huge subspace, the objects gathered into it.

After completing a satisfactory ‘shopping’ trip, L closed the subspace and left the mall lightly.

“Prepare for the flight attack.”

“Roger that.”

The squad leader commanding the attack helicopters hovering behind the building, mainly in the mall, said while swallowing his dry saliva. He wanted to pour missiles into the building, but the only thing that he could do at the moment was wait for the dragon to come out.

“Squadron leader, by the way, if you are a monster who can do shopping, isn’t there enough room for dialogue? She looked so pretty in the picture...” One flight member gave his opinion, but what follows is the flight leader’s yell.

“Play the bullshit later. It’s a monster that killed thousands of humans already!”

Of course, as the squadron said, it was incredibly pretty, but it’s just another terrible monster that was hundreds of meters big. And now... the monster was quietly flapping its wings behind his helicopter.

“6 o’clock! 6 o’clock!”

The co-pilot, who discovered the dragon rather late, shouted, as the dragon’s giant paws had broken the helicopter’s rotor like branches. Without saying what the flight commander had to say, the dragon grabbed the helicopter with the forefoot on the other side to pick off the missile sitting at its base before throwing it on the other helicopter at its side.

*Kkwala Laak!*

The sound of the explosions of helicopter was followed by the dragon’s cry as if it was fun.

#2

“The Archery Master? ...”

“They don’t have enough information about the Gold Dragon and can’t do a raid right now.”

“Argg...”

At the response, the US president shut his mouth with a sorrowful look.

He felt like just pushing the raid to go in with all the means he can, but the raid was based on thorough information gathering and combat simulation. He couldn’t say much about their lack of raw information.

In addition, the influence of the Master Archer surpassed the president of the United States. Unless there was a means to negotiate, he couldn’t do anything.

But he had to something more than just waiting. Just a little while ago, his two squadrons were wiped out by that dragon.

“See if we could appeal to their public media.”

“Yes, sir.”

The public opinion in Korea was like a pile of dry logs. If he could give it a little spark, it would burn well on its own.

He figured this would be of some good pressure and called for the Secretary-General of the US Hunter Secretariat, Jean Tefman.

“Did you call them already?”

“What happened to the Phoenix raid and Berserker raid?” The president asked as Tefman moved in.

“I have cancelled my old raid schedule. I will prepare a new raid as soon as I arrive. ”

“Is that enough?”

“We’ve recently replaced the equipment, so the overall power has increased significantly. I heard you raided a tier 9 monster in Arizona this time. If you cooperate with the military, I think you can do this without any difficulty,” Jean Tefman confidently spoke, but the president’s face didn’t get better.

“It is possible? Do you know what will happen if you fail? The experts said that if we were just going to watch the Gold Dragon destroy everything, we might as well drop a nuclear bomb in LA in an attempt to stop it.”

“The raid should not be premised on failure.”

“Hey, you must misunderstand me. I am saying that you should not consider failure after taking this challenge.

Looking at the screaming president, Tefman swore to the Master Archer internally.

This was all his fault. In the past in similar situations, they were tolerant of some inevitable sacrifices but after the appearance of Jaehwang, the people’s standards were raised. As they easily raided the high-level monsters, the word “sacrifice” faded at some point in people’s minds.

As a result, his position also lost a bit of its authority.

Formerly the Secretary-General of the US Hunter Secretariat, no one could ignore him but now, all everyone was talking about was Jaehwang.

Of course, he was not dismissing his ability. He raided a lot of Tier 9 monsters in the United States, and his country was able to recover because of that.

He himself has gained a lot...

The Master Archer did not take the credit of hunting Tier 9 monsters for himself. He also held a joint raid with the Phoenix raid and the Berserker raid and acknowledged their stake. Although he actually raids a 9-tier monster alone, he acknowledged the other raids’ contribution in terms of dealing with other monsters.

So technically he was their hero, but the following statement from the US president ruined his pride.

“Stop preparing raids for Phoenix and Berserker raids and dispatch Emperor and Thor to Korea.”

“Excuse me?”

“I heard that they are acquainted with the Master Archer. It’s better to send them as ambassadors and encourage them to raid the Gold Dragon as soon as possible.”

‘This guy and that guy... everyone is about that archer...’ Jean Tefman clenched his fist at the president’s words.

At that moment, he decided to use it.

“President Sir.”

“Yes?”

“There is a way to solve that Gold Dragon predicament even without that archer.”

The President’s eyes widened at his words. It wasn’t a good idea to wait for the Archer anyway, so Tefman’s words attracted the president.

“What do you mean?”

“In fact, there’s a project that the US Secretariat has secretly pursued by the US government’s Secret Research Institute.”

“A secret project?”

“Yes. It’s still experimental, but I’m sure that it’s strong.”

There may be one or two secret studies that the United States cannot reveal to the outside world, but the President has not heard that a means to fight against an immense monster was being studied.

“What is it?”

Jean Tefman, when asked by the president, began to explain it with a firm look.

In fact, it was a bit of an impulsive talk. If exposed to the outside, it would be hard to justify its unethical means, but he decided that his beloved United States should no longer depend on the hunters of a small East Asian nation.

The president, who listened to everything Tefman said, said with a serious look, “Are there means to control it?”

“Yes, we have enough.”

In response to Jean Tefman’s response, the president sat down for a while to contemplate.

If what he said was certain, it might be possible to conquer not only that Gold Dragon but also Elus and even the Dark Earth. The president made up his mind and said, “Good. Run it.”

“Yes!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 239: Dangerous Choice – #2




#1

*Vrrrroooom*

An old SUV was driving through a desert.

It originally had been a highway, but the United States lost its ability to manage the roads that connected each state after the Great Confusion and had no choice but to tolerate the return of human civilization to the bosom of nature.

*Screeeeech*

“This is fun.”

L smiled gently while driving.

Human interests were so much fun. Dragons that live for more than a million years polymorph into other races to live their lives and enjoy the game. L also used to do that sometimes. Because she had lived dozens of lives, it took her 10 minutes to learn how to drive a car.

She was planning to go to Las Vegas.

She could go faster through teleporting through space, but she purposefully enjoyed the slow ride.

“Haah... Baeklin had some good stuff like this...”

She whiffed a small cigarette in her hand and threw it out the window.

Marijuana is incomparable with tobacco. Polymorphed, but her power as a dragon did not go anywhere. However, this joint makes even her strongest body hazy. It has become a new form of entertainment for this heavy smoking dragon.

“I’d have come more often if I didn’t make a pledge with him.”

If she had known about all these fun things beforehand, she would never have signed a non-interference agreement. The pledge that she made with Baeklin prevented her from interfering with human affairs unless she was harmed by them.

It was a covenant made with a human who would only live for 100 or so years, so she responded lightly under the condition of receiving the earth’s mysterious product called tobacco.

And now the covenant was breaking down little by little.

“Well, I did intend some but ...”

It was the United States that Baeklin was most concerned about. This was a country originally born from invasion, so Baeklin said that they would probably do the same in Elus.

Of course, she was playing the role of a bystander when they showed up in Elus.

Just as expected, they killed her temple knights, who were basically L’s own hands and feet, solely for their own gain.

She could have come out, but she didn’t.

This was because her curiosity for human beings was greater than that of the pledge with Baeklin.

“That’s annoying by the way.”

She enabled a magic spell with her bored eyes. A golden sphere was formed at the tip of her finger that lit up the newly opened marijuana.

“Find a human being.”

*ppshhhh*

The golden sphere exploded, and the hemispherical halo was scattered in all directions.

Everything that the halo passed through was painted in her mind.

Before long, a smile crept around her mouth.

“There it is.”

Outside a considerable distance, she detected a human colony. Of course, to her, they seemed to be a bunch of annoying things.

“Hoohoo, let’s try attacking.”

L smiled lightly and accelerated, making the SUV jump on the sand dune.

As soon as their attack begins, this fun ride will end soon, so L was trying to enjoy it as much as possible.

Did they know that she was trying to expose herself from her attacks?

“After this attack, the covenant will be broken.”

The covenant with Baeklin was broken, but it was not completely done. This was due to the difference in the vessels of souls between humans and dragons; the dragons have much larger vessels, so it was an unfair promise to begin with.

The humans do not know, but the amount of magic she can use at the global level was limited by the covenant, and that covenant breaks down the more she attacks humans.

In the end, after all the pledges are broken, she intends to summon a huge meteor towards the United States to display her strenght.

“After that, I’m going to tear off some weird things here and take some useful humans.”

And Jean Tefman, the director of the US Hunter Secretariat, whether he is aware of what L was thinking or not, thinks that this was a golden opportunity to attack her and was carefully watching hundreds of large trailers lined up.

The specially made trailers had heavy armor plates that couldn’t be compared to the original trailers, which seemed to be specifically designed to trap something inside rather than to defend itself from outside attacks.

“Doctor, are you sure about the controls? If that is not controlled, the United States would be making its worst enemy,” Jean Tefman asked at the bald old man in a laboratory coat standing by his side.

“You don’t have to worry about it. Those biological controls in their brain will certainly work in any situation,” Doctor said confidently.

“Good. I’ll believe in your work for the past 30 years.”

“Haha, of course. Trust me. I also have my life on this.”

Jean Tefman, who nodded at Doctor’s promise, turned to the trailers.

The things in there were a lifelong masterpiece of the Doctor.

The things, called mutants, began with finding ways to eradicate Elus and Dark Earth monsters in a biological way. He was trying to make a kind of pesticide.

No matter how similar their biological roots were, bacteria, viruses, and many other microorganisms had developed in their own way of surviving and propagating. For example, many humans died of diseases from Elus and Dark Earth. It’s gone now because the vaccines have been developed, but that’s if the Earth vaccines apply equally to both Earth and Dark Earth.

But the research soon came to halt...

The reason for this obstacle was the self-healing and defense that one could have using mana. Weak monsters were fatally affected by the disease, but the monsters of the high tiers were strong even against them.

The research continued by using monsters that used mana to heal themselves and at some point, the awakeners who could use mana were used as test subjects as well. Of course, mainly villains were secretly taken out and used as experiments, but they still unethically used humans for their experimentation.

Some mutants were ready for commercial use, but they could not be publicly marketed since they were made using unethical means.

“This should be free from mistakes.” This was a crucial issue for Tefman also.

“No way. do not worry.”

If they could use the full power of what they are claimed to be capable of, the Gold Dragon would be defeated.

“I’ll start it off.”

“I’ll begin the preparations,” said Doctor.

“All troops aboard!”

Jean Tefman screamed through the headset. Hunters from the Secretariat and the researchers from the laboratory hurried into the helicopter. It was now Doctor’s turn now that the helicopters found themselves in the air. When the doctor instructed the researchers, he opened the trailers all at once by remote control.

Kukung

Kiaak!

3-meter tall biped monsters with milky white skin poured out of the trailer.

It looked like a milky white human moving on its skeletal frames. They have no hair. They were similar to humans, but their eyes are red entirely and have long tongues around the area that’s supposed to be their mouth.

KRrrrrrr ...

A total of five mutants were confined to each trailer and the ones that came out screamed and radiated, possibly irritated by the sun. Then, they faced each other and growled as if they’re having a conversation.

“Disgusting”

“You’ll change your mind once you see what they could do.”

“No thanks. With that appearance, we can’t present them anywhere”

Tefman had seen them a few times in advance, but when they were released at about 500 at once, it was truly a sight. They were just a terrible hybrid. The Dr despised Tefman who was frowning at the mutants. No matter how disgusting their appearance was, they were precious results from the decades of his work.

‘You’ll see. If you only see the mutants’ ability, you will be forced to use them again.’

He was confident. Those monsters less than five tiers could not even approach these mutants. Their breath was literally a bacterial weapon so if they would approach them within a 10-meter radius, they would melt. Not only that, Mana-based high-ranking monsters were assumed to be their enemy, so all the attacks that use mana could be absorbed as energy for their own self-healing. It had its own regenerative cells, so its resilience would be comparable to a troll.

In addition, its pure physical capacity could contest the power of a six-star hunter and since they used human cells to make them, some of them could even use a hunter’s ability. Their defensive skills, borrowed from monsters, were strong enough that it could stop exploding attacks.

They were a masterpiece that cost him all his life.

If they had reached a human level of intelligence, he would have gone out himself to stop them.

“Start.”

“Yes.”

Jean Tefman leaned back and said to the radio, “Track... Target”

As the researchers manipulated the panel under his direction, the scrambled mutants turned their heads in one direction.

“KWWWAAAAA!!!”

The mutants suddenly fell to the ground and began to scream.

“What happened!”

“Huehuehue, please wait a moment.”

*bone crumbling*

A thin spear ripped and protruded from their backs. Usually, it was hidden under the spine but now, it spread out wide open that soon turned into wings.

After a while, the 500 mutants soared into the air at the same time with a loud cry. They were so fast that some of the researchers could not even see them.

“That wasn’t one of the original powers, no?!” Jean Tefman shouted because he had never heard of mutants flying in the air.

“Huh, it’s just a small ability that we added so they could catch aerial monsters.”

“Hmm, you can increase their ability that easily...”

“Do not miss a single live data.”

-Okay.

All battles from now on would be a valuable cornerstone for the future mutants upgrades.

“Hehehe, show your powers to the world.”

Dr. let out a creepy smile as if he couldn’t help but feel proud that his creations were finally put into practice. The flying Gold Dragon with magical powers was a great test case to show the power of mutants.

But looking back at him, Jean Tefman contends that he can never put those things into the future of American attacks again. The moment the mutants tear the Gold Dragon apart, he planned to turn both them into dust.

‘They’re too dangerous. Use it only this time and discard all materials once we’re done.”

He hardened his thoughts and just like that, an hour went by.

“Nonsense!” Dr. grabbed the screen with his trembling hand.

The mutants he created for his 30 years of research were torn apart on the screen.

What was the point of having self-healing abilities like a troll? What was the point of being an unapproachable biological weapon?

The mutants couldn’t even reach out to the woman who was supposed to be the Gold Dragon. She didn’t even get out of the old SUV.

It was as if there was a tight mesh that’s invisible in the air. No, rather, it was a storm of invisible blades. The charging mutants were literally being grounded but since their commands were hardwired into their brains, they rushed in even though they’re being torn apart.

The mutants he was so proud of could not even bear one of the dragon’s magic. Contrary to the doctor’s opinion, the mutants did not absorb the magic of the dragon at all.

This happened because of a lack of knowledge of the dragon in the first place. Dragons were beings who have set foot in the realm of God.

And such, dragons do not use magic.

‘Dragon spell’

God’s language which manifests itself solely by will.

“Tear and fly away.”

L’s single word for the rushing mutants was now pushing Dr. into a hollow of despair.

‘Unbelievable...’

Even Jean Tefman, staring at the screen with a devastated kneeling doctor, was amazed by the unbelievable power of the dragon. The mutants he was confident about died without even touching L.

‘I have to use it quickly.’

There was no time to spare.

The original plan was to pour missiles over the mutants if those mutants killed the Gold Dragon. Since it was not a city center but a desert, he could use conventional weapons all around.

But looking at the current situation, it seemed like he didn’t even have a chance.

*Click*

Tefman manipulated the frequency of the headset and said, “Start Operation Trinity under the authority of the US Secretary of State, Jean Tefman. Authorization code A4325FA98 ... The goal is to eradicate the Gold Dragon. ”

—Authorization code confirmed. Let’s start Operation Trinity.

“No!!”

Now lost in despair, Doctor yelled and attacked Jean Tefman.

“KUuukkk”

However, he flew away with bloody mouth by a light sack coming from the one he wanted to attack.

“Take him out”

“Yessir!”

Tefman’s escort Hunters dragged out the fainted doctor as he looked at him in disgust.

“All forces move out of the scope of a nuclear attack.”

“Yessir!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 240: America in Danger – 1




#1

“Humans surely have no hope”

The cold voice of L scattered in the dry winds of the Nevada wasteland desert. Even though all of the mutants’ dirty remains were thrown into the desert, L didn’t seem so satisfied.

Toxic biological wastes flying in the air meant nothing to L.

She stomped the ground, summoning dozens of hands that dragged the dirty remains of those monsters away.

“Poor things ...”

A moment of sadness shone through her eyes, however, as soon as she showed such a sign, she soon turned back to her stern face. She looked human but her change in emotion wasn’t.

“They haven’t given up yet.”

It was the indignation of a guardian in the face of humans stepping on taboo areas that they should not touch.

The weapons that humans used against her now were of a similar kind to the root cause that the earth had to be separated into three dimensions.

Between dragons, memories of ancient humans still exist. Dragons do not forget, so they transfer their memories through word of mouth. The words of the Dragon Road of the squadron who conveyed her memories of ancient people came to her mind.

‘The last thing the ancients wanted to conquer among the various races that made up the Mado civilization was life.’

Is it because humans lived a life like that of a flame? Is that the reason for the endless inquiry? Humans were so short-lived that they tried to overcome them.

Even though conditional immortality had been achieved through research, human greed still had never been quenched.

Like Icarus, who soared endlessly and died with sunken wings.

It was when human beings kept pursuing their endless research. The insect-type chimeras became so powerful and had already devoured the whole world. Now, something similar had been going on here on Earth.

“I will have mercy. Humans.”

Her eyes turned to the skies without a cloud. How much time had passed? A small dot is reflected in her pupil.

“That is a dangerous toy.”

L’s intuition, with thousands of years of experience and intelligence far beyond humans, was almost as predictable as the sixth sense. It was the first time she was seeing this, but she could soon figure out what that was.

“Is that what nuclear missile is?”

The worst weapon made by humans on Earth. Even one can erase a city off of a map and at the same time summon hell to where it landed.

She could have avoided this using teleport, but she did not.

It was not arrogance.

It was the confidence that only an absolute who transcends everything could have.

The wind gathered around her and a huge storm spanning over a hundred-meter radius occurred.

In the meantime, it seemed like a dot and it quickly became close. It was a supersonic missile with a small 5MT nuclear warhead with a black streamlined body of about 9 meters.

It was a small but destructive nuclear missile that could destroy one small country.

However, L’s expression was calm, whether or not she knows about its destructive power didn’t matter.

“Hmm, this should be enough.”

Her own body of mana was not enough as of yet, so she absorbed the surrounding mana to the maximum limit. A round sphere of light appeared in front of her chest. It stabilized later by shedding a golden aura with hundreds and thousands of letters orbiting around it.

“Go.”

Baaang!

Leaving her hand, the golden sphere flew toward the supersonic nuclear missile. As soon as they faced each other, L’s mouth opened.

“Space of Vanity... Orphan of Time”

*Tuuuuunggg!*

The supersonic nuclear missile, shrouded by the golden light, slowed down and stopped in the air.

And at this moment, the control center that guided the missile went crazy. They tried to set it off so they would still be able to inflict a considerable amount of damage but no matter how many times they tried to push the button, it didn’t work and the warhead would not move.

“Aiyaaa...”

As L turned her finger, the golden halo began to shine brilliantly.

“Go back to where you came from.”

As she said this, the missile wrapped in the golden halo disappeared. After a while, the nuclear missile appeared in the air with a brilliant light over at the nuclear laboratory base where it was first launched and...

*Flashing*

It just exploded.

#2

Along with the vibrations ringing the ground, mushroom clouds, with orange ores, rose in the distance. Huge pillars of flame quickly rose through the clouds. Because it was so far away, only the head of the mushroom was visible, but it was not difficult to measure its destructive power.

“That’s amazing.”

L’s face looking at it became a little serious.

When she listened to Baeklin’s story, she didn’t think much of it. She assumed little of humans who lost the magic essence, but the things she saw now was beyond the destructive power she imagined. If she faced that attack up front, she wouldn’t have died, but she would have been fatally injured.

“I have to be careful.”

She decided to change her mind about looking down on humans a little bit.

But she did not intend to end this way. She just decided to be more careful.

In addition, most of the pledges made with Baeklin were now broken. Now, she was able to use her true power.

It is time to show the real power of dragons to humans.

“I don’t know if it’s going to be good after not using it for a long time.”

L closed her eyes.

‘Find it.’

A golden wave began to spread all around her and soon, tens of thousands of small and large creatures were detected in her head. Some are flying in the sky, and others are resting in the ground. She could also see others who were fighting or eating.

*Flashing*

Her eyes opened wide like a reptile. At the same time, a great golden head popped up over her head. Its arrogant eyes with its brilliant golden scales looked around. After a while...

A huge mouth that would easily devour a car was opened slowly, revealing hundreds of dense fangs. Inside was a hole large enough for a person to pass straight through. Then, the mouth raised its head toward the sky and let out a tremendous cry.

“Kahhhhhh !!!”

*BAANNGG*

As the sands of the wasteland touched the soundwaves, it scattered into the air.

If there were people around her, their eardrums would have burst and they would have fainted.

The cry that began at the mouth of the giant Gold Dragon spread out everywhere.

After a while, the gold dragon’s head disappeared. There, with her hand on her waist, L murmured, “Gather together, my army.”

# 3

The US Air Force base from before, now in ruins...

The monsters that attacked the base of the old, now filled with desolate steel structures, there were once rumors of all kinds of aliens. Now, however, monsters of Tier 2 and Tier 3 have nested here, but they are only habitats of monsters that have settled on Earth and formed a small ecosystem.

A group of Tier-5 shell-backed Basilisk monsters that were enjoying the sun and lying on the runway full of grass in the dry wasteland desert suddenly began to shake the ground, awoke from their place and began to be suspicious of their surroundings.

“Krrrr”

They dwelled on this hard runway to avoid predators.

Hellworm, a seven-tier monster that eats them, crawled through the sand of a solid wasteland desert. The deserted takeoff road was the only place the Hellworm don’t come to since the landing of the ground was a few meters thick and it was too hard for them to swallow it.

Now, they felt like their predator was going to appear. They became nervous but after a while, it did not appear. Hence, they loosened themselves up once again.

Then suddenly, the heads of the shelled basilisks turned to one place in unison.

Although it was only one meal for the Hellworm, when the dozens of shelled basilisks with 12 meters tall and 4 meters thick armor all turns to look at one place, it was intimidating.

*Thump...thump...thump*

And they began to move their massive bodies toward that direction like creatures under a spell.

No, not just the shell basilisks. All monsters in the base crawled out of the place and began to walk. In the herd, there were predators and prey on the food chain.

Creatures that would normally run away or chase each other were now walking side by side with their shoulders touching.

Kugugugugu ... (rumbling sound)

Somewhere in the desert, a long distance from the Nevada Air Force Base, the ground began to sway with low cries due to the absolute prohibition that the Hunter never stepped on.

The sand swayed like it was dancing. There were dozens of such places where sands were shaking, which occurred when the Hellworms moved close to the ground. And...

Kugugugu ...

A sand dune sank down and summoned a sinkhole.

“KWWWEEEEK!!!”

The Hellworms who could not escape the sinkholes fell into them. Several Hellworms fell down and made a sad scream, but those that fell to the bottom of the black abyss did not rise up again.

Kugugugugu ...

Twelve small mountains rose around the sinkhole and interlocked.

This tier-9 monster that dominates the Nevada desert... was the worst monster aka. Death Worm that the mighty US gave up attacking even with a nuclear bomb. Luckily, the Death Worm was a coward for what it looked like, it did not go anywhere unless it was a sandy place.

While relaxing deep in the ground, the Death Worm chewed on hunted Hellworms that were roaming above the ground. Then, it stopped at a shake of its soul.

It is the call of the Absolute which cannot be denied.

The instinct of obedience to the Absolute, engraved from ancient antiquity...

Kugugu ...

The Death Worm that just feasted on passing monsters finally started to move after years of inactivity.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 241: America in Danger – 2




#1

“Thank you for this interview. This is Mark Twell of BBX. ”

“I am L, my real name is much longer, but call me L, and I have something to say. ”

“I’m glad that the timing is right. But you have something to say, can you tell me what it is before I go into the interview? ”

“First, let the electricity come back in. I can’t do anything because of it. If we don’t restore electricity by tomorrow, the city closest to Las Vegas will disappear. ”

L talks about the destruction of a city so casually.

“Okay. However, electricity can cause great damage if it is not managed properly. So the best way to do it with some experts ... ”

“I don’t like playing with words. I’ll give you one more day, bring the humans that could manage it.”

“It cannot be done so fast...”

“Stop ... Do you really want to see what a big disaster is?”

“Oh no. Gold Dragon L’s requirements I will definitely convey. ”

The reporter hurriedly agreed in fear of what this woman, now arrogantly sitting in front of his eyes, would further request. Even though he’s just a messenger, it seems unlikely that this woman would consider treating him neutrally. Moderately and soothing techniques do not work against her at all.

Tick ??tick ... click ...

A magical cigar was created between her fingers, initing itself without a flame.

“Huu...”

“*cough cough*

“...so, sorry.”

“No, smoking is good. ”

“Hmmm, I want to ask you something.”

“Ask.”

“Who are you?”

“Me? I am one of the stewards of the land you call Elus.”

“Are you god?”

“If you’re talking about the kind of god you guys say, you’re right, but it’s different.”

“How are you different?”

“As a watcher, I coordinate history.”

“If you are a coordinate, are you ruler?”

“It does not match the meaning of the word ruler that you use. Simply think of it as a farmer and do not ask anymore. You’re annoying.”

“Yes. Yes. Okay.”

“This is my next demand. Bring some food to Calico Basin, east of Las Vegas. The more the better.”

“Where are you going to use ...”

“My monsters are hungry. I want to tell them to find their own food, but that’s not what they want.”

“Okay.”

“Okay, If you bring them food, I will not let the monsters overstay on the Hoover Dam.”

“Thank you.”

The host of the world’s first interview with a monster, Mark Twell bowed with a hot heart. Originally, he intended to bring up the approach to Hoover Dam first. The hoover dam can be moved by the unmanned system, but if left for too long, it could be shut down.

Originally, it would have functioned well for years on its own, but a large number of worm-based monsters all over the place all the way around the dam meant that some problems could occur.

Although the demand for hydropower was slowing down due to the manastone power generation, the US was still insisting on using it.

The U.S. government specifically requested to ask about Hoover Dam but because she brought it up first, Mark was a little scared that she could be reading her mind.

“Don’t be scared. I have no intention of causing unnecessary conflict now. ”

L smiled in the thick smoke. It was as if she’s looking straight into him.

“Thank you”

In reaction to her response that she did not want to cause useless dissension, he tried very hard to not say what he wanted to say. He tried to erase it even in his head.

‘A single carrier, a nuclear missile base, and 1,100 hunters attacked you and died, so that’s the damage we have to deal with. The people in Los Angeles and Arizona became homeless because of you. A lot of Las Vegas Citizens and Iman’s citizen’s died had died along with the small cities you erased from the map happened overnight because of you!”

If he was a human, he would have immediately got up and grabbed her.

“You have a lot to say?”

Discovering the vast Absolute power flowing out of her eyes, he shook his head, swallowing his dry saliva.

“No, no.”

“No? Well, I’m also angry because of what your United States did in my land. So I understand.”

“Oh, uh.”

The cameraman signaled to ask if he could continue to broadcast it live and Mark Twell nodded with a firm look. The government has repeatedly emphasized that anything harmful to the US government should not be broadcasted, but there was no command to stop the other person from saying it first. He honestly wanted to know himself what caused this.

“What did our America do?”

“Yes. The crack of dimensions or a gate as you call it. I know it can’t be helped to come and go because the gate is open. It doesn’t matter if you kill monsters. Elus monsters also went to Earth and killed many people.”

“Yes. Humans on Earth once talked of the destruction of the human race because of the monsters of Elus and Dark Earth.”

“I know, but I also couldn’t help it. It was hard for me to interfere with the cracks between dimensions. ”

“You could not control the monsters at the time of the Great Fusion?”

“That was beyond my level of control. Can you control all living things on your earth?

“We cannot.”

“The same is true. All I can do is give a simple command to one monster as far as my power can reach.”

He was a little puzzled by L’s attitude. She was surprisingly simply talking about her limits

Even though Mark was interviewing her like this, she was still an enemy. Was she letting her guard down? Or was she confident enough that she could just straight up tell it? He decided to dig a little more.

“About what degree is it?”

L smiled at Mark’s question. He was asking her to tell him her limitations, and she decided to give in generously. Either way, controlling monsters were only part of the few of her abilities. If they would do something stupid, she was confident that she could show the destructive power of a nuclear missile that she teleported a while ago.

“Gather together, dismiss, attack, stop, eat and rest, that’s about it.”

“I see. Thank you for the honest answer. So what did the United States do to Elus? Mark Twell cleverly asked.

Elus was, anyway, a land that the world was paying attention to as a new world.

Also, the existence of another species at Elus was widely known, but many thought of them as barbarians rather than conversation partners. This understanding was intentional to some extent; it was an indispensable factor for the pioneering of the new world.

Also, whatever the truth, he was still a citizen of the United States.

Depending on how the dragon speaks, the United States could be ridiculed from all over the world or criticized to have deserved the attacks.

At his inquiries, L slowly began to tell a story about a cultural mission from the United States.

And when she was done, Twell, who was a little nervous, asked her again.

“As you have said, we know that there are no more than 100 elders who died on your side. Of course, the weight of life is beyond that number. However, your damage to our country is far more than 10,000.”

“Are you saying it’s unfair because more people died here?”

“Yes, I think it’s unfair and instead of using such violent means, we could converse our way into reconciliation.”

“Conversations? How so?”

“Because conversations are only possible between most civilized species and a means to most peaceful...”

“Hohoho. You think you are capable of conversing with me?”

“If we are not having a conversation right now, what else is it?”

“Do you think you can have a proper conversation with the cats and dogs you have? Because the dog is barking, do you consider them to be an equal conversational partner?”

“We are not dogs.”

“From my point of view, you or dogs are not much different”

The opponent may be offended, but L was not necessarily trying to play nice.

Because it’s true.

“Well, okay. Dogs... Since you are managing a world and is a god-like being, it is understandable that you would describe us that way, but I don’t believe this is right. If you consider the future relations between Elus and Earth, you could show a little more mercy.”

L frowned.

“Hah... so annoying”

“What do you mean...”

“It’s not that your thoughts are entirely wrong. Okay, I’ll show you a little bit of what I am planning to do” As she said this, a golden aura came out of her and into his body.

After a moment, his face darkened.

As if decades of time had passed, his eyes seemed like they were rotting.

“Did you see well?”

“W...Why?”

“Do you understand why I call you dogs now? I just wanted to show you”

“Haaa...haa.... I understand.”

Mark waved his hand at the cameraman to end the broadcast.

The cameraman looked at him in confusion, but Mark was not in a good place to explain everything right now.

L was too annoyed to try to explain everything in human words, so she made him experience everything, and the things she showed him were...

“Invasion...”

“No. Sure, selecting from the words you use. You reap what you sow. Just as you Americans drove out the natives who you thought were inferior, I plan to drive you out. I will do exactly what the US tried to do in Elus...”

“Humans are not that weak.” Now, Mark Twell decided not to persuade her or think of building a good relationship.

She showed him what she was going to do. All the monsters in America would start an organized attack from now on. It’s quite different from the previous raids. What he saw was war.

The fight with monsters would now enter a new phase.

“I know. I saw it a lot through TV. It was pretty fun. In that sense, I will give you a chance. A month should be enough.”

“One month?”

“Yes, just like what you saw, I’ll start there so do everything that you could do in the meantime.”

She speaks as if she was giving generously, but she knows it. She was now trying to instill greater despair at them.

“You will regret it.”

“Hoho. I think you are over-trusting this thing called nuclear bombs”

“We have many other weapons other than nuclear bombs. The human will is not that easily run over. Can you really handle all this?”

Mark Twell got up from his seat. He took a peek at L, but she was not even considering him as a conversation partner.

Now was time to go back quickly and announce what the dragon would do.

“It’s human beings, burning again when everything turns into ash, but I will even pull that wick out.”

“Thank you for the interview.”

“No worries and oh, I’ll give you a present on the way home.”

“A gift...?”

At L’s words, Mark Twell’s face hardened. His instincts told him that something feels bad.

“I will show you some of my strengths to make it easier for you to plan.”

Her gaze turned towards the camera. “The Magical Dragon Gold Dragon is...”

Her golden eyes shone brightly.

“Capable of things like this.”

***

[God’s wrath brought by human arrogance.]

[BBX Broadcast Catastrophe! The greatest viewership ever made turns into the worst disaster ever.]

[30% of live viewers became vegetables, The damage count cannot be calculated. Those who are not in vegetative state complain about pain.]

[Unknown cause! Ministers, including the US president who has become a vegetative man... Even the White House is in a vegetative state!]

[Please explain the cause of this incident. The cry of the World toward America!]

[Gold Dragon L’s army begins to advance. The deadline is one month!]

[Archer Master still silent! Have you given up?]

One day had passed since the world’s astonishing so-called L Curse Day. Interestingly, the live interview with the Dragon broadcasted on BBX was limited to the United States, Canada, and some other countries. Because BBX, which was only friendly to the US government and the ruling party, won the exclusive interview as well as acquired the broadcasting rights, it was rather a good thing because the vegetative state catastrophe was limited to that handful of countries.

But aside from this, the US had another nagging issue.

[The Great Catastrophe Caused by the US’s Aggressive Ethnic Policy]

[The secret information, what US is hiding must be disclosed to the world.]

The United States has been keeping confidential information about the Elus’ species.

Externally, the information has been controlled and monopolized by the reason that it could be used by unwarranted forces. The public opinion had been raised to criticize US policy as it was now attacked by L because of what it had done.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 242: Korea-US Treaty – 1




#1

[Is there a need for the world to go into the war in America’s misjudgment?]

[UN Secretary-General: UN’s Need for Hearing on the Elus Development Plan by the United States]

[US nuclear misuse will be a disaster not only in the US but in the world.]

[Dragon’s Condemnation for Americans with Hands-on Biological Weapons.]

Funny enough, the victim, the United States, was embarrassed.

There were also countries that interpreted the dragon’s declaration of war against the US, as good punishing evil. At the UN, criticisms against the secretary-general of the US Hunter Secretariat, Jean Tefman, over his authority to execute “nuclear power,” rose rampantly.

Of course, this has generated a lot of talks before.

Whether it was what L was aiming for or not, but at the moment, all European nations have announced that they will be just observers in this incident.

“Rotten things... up to now they were all just bowing to us...”

Jean Tefman was bitter about the fact that the World Hunter Secretariat removed him from the list of emergency meetings.

It made clear that they would completely exclude the United States in their discussions.

Because the president became a vegetative man, Tefman earned himself some time to take responsibility for this incident and he initially intended to make an escape by holding the World Hunter Secretariat Emergency Assembly and pass the Dragon’s Raid as soon as possible by to make a new breakthrough. Now, his attempts were blocked even before it began.

From their point of view, it was obvious to exclude Tefman, but Tefman poured out his anger at a very irrelevant place.

“All of this happened because of the Archery Master.”

If he had been a member of Elus’ cultural mission, they would not have forcibly joined Colonel Powell of the US Department of Defense, and there would have been no such rash act of lieutenant colonel Powell.

Knowing clearly that the US government’s intention was to not share the fruit of their negotiation with the South Koreans, he was the one who gave an early approval not to include them and now, he’s blaming Jaehwang.

It is unknown whether Jaehwang would have shown his crazy ability to destroy tier 9 monsters there, but if he had done it, his achievements would have been taken as credit by the US Hunter Secretariat.

“If it wasn’t for him.”

It was an absurd excuse, but his ego had to make some sort of justification for what he had done. Immediately next month, the Gold Dragon had declared war on the humans using a huge number of monsters from the Nevada desert. Tiers 4 and 5 of the little monsters were not even part of the game. Thousands of seven-tier, eight-tier, and even nine-tier monsters were in the hands of that damn dragon.

In the past, Tefman would have been relieved that there were nuclear weapons, but the two nuclear missiles they used on the dragon erased the major US nuclear facilities and carriers with her space-related magic.

“General Secretary. They’re here.”

“Damnit...”

In the words of the chief of staff, he looked away from his thoughts and looked out of the window.

The airport was so stylish because it was the fastest country to escape from the threat of monsters.

The money Jaehwang makes was equivalent to half the budget of a country. That’s not it since as the monster disappears, the Hunters would go to other countries for raids to earn some huge foreign currency.

But to Tefman, these were all annoying.

He hates the Archery Master, so he doesn’t even like his country.

In the past, once he came around, the Korean Hunter Secretariat treated him as a state guest from the airport. He was pleased with a marvelous protocol. He was impeached now, but before, the President of the Republic of Korea had somehow tried so hard to make a friendly gesture.

When he entered the gates, multiples of press and journalists were waiting and taking photos of him which made him feel a little better, but the questions they asked at the press conference were enough to anger him.

“What is your intention of visiting South Korea?”

“We heard you are visiting to request raid for the dragon, was this previously discussed with the Invincible Palace?”

“There are stories that you have previously discussed with the president the use of unethical biological weapons, what are your stances on this?”

“In the past, your attitude against the Archery Master...”

They used to be too scared to ask these questions, but now they were reckless.

Of course, it is true that they came to discuss the raids of the archer and the dragon, but their words are as if they were hanging on the archer. Tefman wanted to turn around and say he doesn’t need the archer, but it was only his wishful thinking.

After a difficult interview, he got on a medical vehicle given by the Korean Hunter Office. At the very least, he should be grateful for the ritual, but he was still indignant.

“What the hell. I’m bowing down to some mere hunter? I? This Secretary-General of the United States?

“Secretary-General, you must be patient. ”

“What? Do you also think I should bow down to some yellow monkey? ”

Even though there was a driver, Jean Tefman did not watch his words.

“You must face reality. The Secretary-General is here without prior consultation. If you can’t get into the Invincible Palace and you’re rejected in front of the door, you will be the world’s laughing stock. ”

“Huh, do they have guts? Then Korea is... Korea is... arghh ”

Trying to think of something to press Korea, he closed his eyes groaning.

He has nothing at all. Justin Point was now completely owned by the Republic of Korea. It would be nice if the World Hunter Secretariat stepped up to raise the US’ hands on the illegal possessions of the Republic of Korea, but the World Hunter Secretariat had no choice but to tremble before the name of that archer.

Since Jaehwang decided on Tier 9 monster raids, the World Hunters Secretariat, which had to stand in the middle and get whatever is left over, had long been a servant of Jaehwang.

There were only a few old Koreans left who remember the great United States of America of the past, now, this great America did not exist in Korea anymore.

“There are still many powerful people in Korea who want a good relationship with the United States. If they start to use power, then neither the Invincible Palace nor the Martial Arts House would be able to stand. That is Korea, so be patient.”

“Argg, okay, shall we?”

“Yes.”

His attendant, assistant Leighton, barely calmed down Tefman and secretly laughed with a deep bitter smile.

This kind of nursery was not long now.

Jean Tefman was once a seven-star hunter who was once called ‘Super America’. How excited Leighton was back then when he grew older and retired from the Hunter world and became Secretary-General of the US Hunter Secretariat.

Leighton got to realize that Tefman was a xenophobic white supremacist as the time went on, but that was very typical of upper-class Americans. But having been the Secretary-General of the US Hunter Secretariat for more than 10 years, Leighton was not only disappointed, he was also getting worried that Tefman still kept such outdated views.

The whole world now knew that Korea was #1 but Tefman still didn’t acknowledge this fact. Expectedly, Tefman yelled, “Hunters are temporary anyway! Even if there some mutant ones once in a while, in the end, the winner will always be the United States of America!”

“You’re right sir.”

*sigh*

After letting out a sigh, Tefman checked on the media associates to calm himself down and turned on his tablet. Then, his gaze stopped.

“This... These shits!”

His eyeball trembled like the ground during an earthquake. The newspapers were covering his visit, but the problem was the video.

“lrumi, the Secretary-General of the Martial Arts House has announced that the 10-star Hunter Archer Master is in a state of personal training, so the meeting with the Secretary-General of the US Hunter Secretariat would be difficult to do for the time being.”

“Oh my god...”

Even if he did not come after the preliminary consultation, his blood boiled at the fact that a mere Korean Hunter group had rejected his visit.

“They believed in that one baby and made it like this.”

*grrrrr*

*crackkk*

Tefman crushed the tablet in his hand with his grip.

No matter how long it has been since he retired, he was still a seven-star hunter who achieved a full level competency.

“Secretary Chief!”

“Yes!”

“What is the capacity of the US Army Hunter and US Forces Hunters?”

“Ugh! Secretary-General! You should not do this.”

The secretary chief quickly noticed what Tefman was thinking. Jean Tefman had a very dangerous look in his eyes.

Even though the US and Korea had allegiance, it was still a foreign country. Collecting troops in another country should never happen. Besides, knowing the character of the Secretary-General...

“I didn’t ask your opinion! How many people do we have?!”

“There are about 200 soldiers except for the branch’s defensive forces and about 500 Hunters in the military.”

“Good.” Jean Tefman did a satisfied nod. “How’s their quality looking?”

“3 to 5 stars average. There are around 500 people on the ROK side of the Korea-US joint venture project.”

Currently, the management of Justin Point was carried out by the Korean military, but the mineral resources around it were still owned by the US military. At present, the US pays a high fee and uses Justin Point. The rich mineral resources were one of the high investments of the US in that base.

“Good. Call them all.”

“No!”

“No way no! Am I supposed to endure this insult when the Secretary-General of the US Hunter Secretariat was insulted by a hunter in Korea!?”

Leighton could not even think of what to say to this crazy superior of his.

He knew Tefman was crazy but what he was planning was insane. There were not only one problem Tefman had to deal with. It would actually be better if he stayed still, but he went forward with using nuclear weapons against a monster without even analyzing its specs, which was one of the basic protocols of Hunter Raids. Two nuclear bases were wiped out because of him.

If the main officials of the State were not turned into vegetables because of L’s magic, he should be not only fired but going through a trial at federal court. Not only that, the initial reason why L was attacking America was because of the US Hunter Secretariat and US government’s joint cultural mission to Elus, they were just looking for a scapegoat to pin this problem on.

And one of the scapegoats would definitely be Tefman, and he himself knew this too, which is why he came all the way to Korea to meet the Archer. He still didn’t let go of his horrible habits and was acting crazy.

Leighton wanted to curse at his face, but he held himself back.

Either way, Tefman was a 7-star hunter and if he wanted, he could kill him without even a touch, but if Tefman fails horribly like this, it’s the end of him too, so he took the courage to say something again.

“What are you planning to do?”

“Articles 11 and 12 of the US-Korea Hunter Treaty.”

At Tefman’s words, the chief of staff instinctively nodded.

The Korea-US Hunter Treaty was a Hunter treaty signed by the Republic of Korea and the United States. And Article 11...

“Article 11: During a country’s own monster raid, they may request support troops to the other country. The Secretary-General of the other State on request cannot refuse it. ”

The important one was Article 12.

“Raid operations and conscription rights are owned by the United States.”

“Okay, no matter how great this hunter is, he cannot ignore treaties between nations.”

“You’re trying to play the power game.”

“Yes, so call them!”

“Okay.” He raised his smartphone with trembling hands. “Well, Adviser Mac. It’s me. Haah...”

The secretary-general closed his eyes thinking, whatever might come, would come.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 243: Korea-US Treaty – 2




#1

The team leader of the Monster Resources, with his dead-tired eyes, picked up a bunch of thick documents and placed them on the table.

*Thud*

“It’s the first order.”

Silence...

*Thud*

“2nd order...”

*Thud*

“Third, this is the end.”

“That’s a lot.”

The team captains of each team who had heads of greasy hair from not going home for a few days looked down at them.

“I took as much raw data as possible to get rid of my subjective errors.”

No one complained because they all knew that the hardest role was taken by the head of the Monster Resources Division.

“One monster needs this much data?”

“In my personal opinion, I believe it is right to understand that this creature not as a monster but a much superior living being. Of course, this is my personal view and while you are analyzing the data, please remove this from your analysis.”

“Well done.”

Irumi, sitting at the head of the table, did not even flinch and opened the first page of the documents placed in front of her.

Gold Dragon: L

Height: 277meters Weight: 170 tons

Type: Extra Large Flying Monster

Characteristics:

Unusual flight capacity: 170 tons of weight increased at a speed of 20m/s. Thrust cannot be calculated.

Unusual Magic: Unable to interpret the magical mechanism. Estimated by a different kind of ability than the magic used by humans

Abnormal Intelligence...

Abnormal Power...

Unusual...

*flipping through pages*

Irumi was welcomed by densely filled pages of data.

Her hand stopped.

“All of Jaehwang’s strengths are nullified.”

“That’s right. Rather, strengths are classified as weaknesses, and countermeasures are currently under discussion. Previously, Jaehwang has raided monsters by mismatching range and concentrating his attack power but when we analyzed the spatial capabilities of the dragon to date, it was concluded that such an approach would be dangerous.”

She sighed. “What’s this ability to make humans into vegetables?”

“According to the detailed analysis of the recorded video at the time, it is expected that the ones who got affected received a spike in their mana. Unfortunately, the mechanism was not analyzed.”

The room was filled with sighs as he continued. The more they heard, the more powerful the dragon felt. It feels like they’ve witnessed the final boss being released to beginners when one starts a PC game.

The physical abilities revealed by the dragon was incomparable with the previous ones. There was a precedent of the Ogamushi, but this opponent had various abilities that could not be compared to the Ogamushi.

“What I’m most wary of is that it is intelligent.”

At the words of the Monster Resources team, everyone nodded.

It was already acknowledged that the other was a transcendent being. The magic that it used was not also identified. Tens of thousands of papers on mana and magic have been published, but the powers used by that dragon was not even hypothesized yet.

Pure physical power alone could be said to be 10 tiers, but that’s just a small forte. What concerns them more was the possibility of what they have as just the fraction of its original power.

“I’d rather have the dragon riots end in just United States.”

“Most countries are hoping for that now. Also, her presence may not necessarily be harmful.”

“No harm? Isn’t it a monster? ” Said the guard.

“Before it’s a monster, it’s a superior species. What many countries are currently paying attention to is her space magic. If you can interact with her in a peaceful way, we might be able to revolutionize a whole new way of being. The easiest thing to think about is the logistics revolution. There can also be endless military technologies that can be created simply by moving space.”

“Can you do that with someone who thinks of humans as dogs?”

“If a dog is useful as a dog, it’s not impossible. L was very curious about human creations.”

“You are saying we have to go in humbly first.”

The head of the external business team nodded with a serious expression.

It means that the transcendental body of dragons has an assumption that humans admit weakness. However, the head of the external affairs team rather laughed and said, “Of course it’s just their own idea. We are different. I think Jaehwang is not in any way less than the dragon at all. In other words, Jaehwang has not used his power to fullest yet either.”

“Yeah? What is that...” The head of the guard team smiled at the head of the external business team.

“When I analyzed the style and character of Jaehwang, his usual deeds, and accomplishments, he has never used his power to fullest. Am I right, Irumi?”

Irumi responded to his inquiries without looking up while sweeping through the papers.

“As what I have heard from a trusted man, he said that Jaehwang’s ability so far has been less than half of his maximum.”

“Hmm... really...”

Everyone looked at Irumi surprisingly.

“Can you tell us more about him... or more in detail?”

The most surprised one was the head of the Monster Resources Team. As analysis is his main task, the specifications of Jaehwang, who is responsible for all raids, was very important to him. Irumi’s words were a great shock to him when he thought that he could now have some measure of Jaehwang’s ability.

“He didn’t give us a strong basis of his assumptions, but you can say that it is much stronger than now. So what we need to do now is when Jaehwang enters the raid on the dragon...”

As Irumi was still talking, the boardroom door opened and an agent walks in hurriedly.

“There is an emergency.”

Everyone in the conference room looked toward him. Although everyone is a little startled and upset, no one blamed him for popping in during a board meeting. If not for a good reason, he would never do anything like that.

“What is it”

“There was an article that the Secretary-General of the United States used the US-Korea Hunter Treaty to request Jaehwang’s Dragon Raid.”

#2

“The US Secretary-General is crazy.”

Hunter 1, Lee Chul-jung said as he closed his laptop.

“I know, right. How are they going to deal with this damage?”

“How is the US responding? They must be upset there too. ”

“It’s still paralyzed. The stock price has plummeted, and all the decision-makers are hospitalized.”

“No, didn’t you say that the mana hunters did not become vegetables?”

“They didn’t, but the problem is that the chief is. I think they’re just letting him be. They’re watching how Jaehwang responds to the US-Korea Hunter Treaty that Tefman has brought up.”

“Is he some kind of guinea pig?”

“Yeah. And you can’t ignore the Hunter network that Tefman has in the United States.”

“That’s true.”

Lee Chul-jung pounded the table. A young reporter opened the office door and shouted, “Seniors! Awesome news! ”

“Well? what?”

“The South Korean Hunter Secretariat rejected Jean Tefman’s request.”

“Hey, that’s not a big deal. The general secretary right now is Kwon-Je’s sidekick. Since it’s a veto, how long does it take for Tefman to force his request? One month?”

“It’s not a month. The dragon has given a month’s deadline, so wouldn’t it be around two weeks? ”

The two did not show their reaction as expected, but the new reporter was not done yet.

“No. That’s not a problem. It seems that Jean Tefman wants to start the enforcement of his request. The American hunters in the country have been called for an emergency call.”

“What?!” Lee responded to his answer.

There was no armed force involved in his expectation.

“What is the Korean government doing?”

“It’s a piece of information just coming in...”

“Put it back to the Korea Hunter Secretariat and check it again!”

“Would they tell me that?”

“You crazy bastard, who would ask anyone about it?”

“Oh, I see.”

“Ahh... who knows the Korea-US treaty well....”

Lee Chul-jung held up his smartphone.

The Dragon’s declaration of aggression in the United States was also big news, which was also a case that cannot be ignored. He mobilized all the contacts he knew and began looking for people who knew what was going on.

About half an hour later, he started running with his laptop packed.

“Hey! South Korea Hunter Secretariat convenes! Move fast!”

“Huh?”

“Specialty! Infinite tanker Kim Joo-han and Head Hunter Saladin and all of the raids have been ordered to come! ”

“Heeeeyeek!”

His mouth opened wide at the cry of the senior reporter. The two he talked about were the hidden power of the Korean Hunter Secretariat, who was well known among journalists in dealing with the Hunter Scoop. The mobilization of the hunters in front of them, revealing their undetermined grades in the sun, meant that the Republic of Korea’s Hunter Secretariat decided to completely face the United States.

“I’ll go!”

#3

What was the characteristic of the Korean press?

First of all, its trustworthiness was one of the lowest at a global level. Fake news was abundant, and the news press publishes everything from garbage opinions to disproved rumors.

And another characteristic was that if there was big news, a huge quantity of articles abusing it would flourish.

[D-1 US Hunter Secretariat vs Korea Hunter Secretariat.]

[US Hunter Secretariat with ROK-US Hunter Treaty Dispatched Minister of Korean Government Hunter.]

[Korean Government Contemplating the Korea-US Hunter Treaty 30 Years Ago.]

[Invincible consistent with silence in the US-Korea Hunter Treaty... Is it confidential and internal disagreements?]

[Korea and the United States Conflict!]

Dozens of abusing articles came out in a day.

Korea now being considered as the strongest hunter country, it was natural for the world media to pay attention to them. The United States knew that things were going badly, so they urgently tried to summon Jean Tefman, but he helped spread more controversy by refusing to go back.

It’s unbelievable, but the event that everyone was worried about would happen went about the next day.

The Hunters of the US military was stationed in front of the Invincible Palace. The troops dispatched from the Hunter Office of the Republic of Korea also stood in front of Invincible.

The Hunter Office of the Republic of Korea mobilized about 200 Hunters, led by the Special Operations Department. The two leading men stood out; a man with a specially designed object sniper rifle that was much larger than his own body in his late twenties, and the other who was heavily armored in a massive body of nearly 4 meters tall.

The number of American hunters in front of them was 1,300!

Tefman had to work hard to reach that number, but just by pure numbers, they were way more. However, the charisma was rather with the Republic of Korea. It was a situation where the two leaders of the Korean troops overpowered the aura of their men.

“I think it’d be hard to even get inside.”

“Arg...”

When Leighton said those words, a deep furrow deepened on the face of Jean Tefman.

It has spread to the pride fighting between the Republic of Korea and the United States, so it was no longer possible to retreat.

The South Korean government, which thought it would raise the American hand, did not even appear. Moreover, although not visible, the situation here was being broadcast live around the world.

What will happen here today will determine his life. It is the difference between coming down with pride or coming down with shame.

“Secretary-General, the time is...”

“I know!” Tefman answered angrily as he checked his armor.

He assumed that these yellow monkeys would tremble when he announced the gathering of his US troops, he didn’t expect him to go against them.

“Friggin yellow monkeys...”

Tefman stepped forward. He was also a level-7 hunter like the Invincible’s de-facto leader Kwon Je. The two men in front of him were intimidating but he took courage and stepped up.

If he defeats those two, it will disassemble their troops and those 200 will be seized in no time.

Tefman intentionally started walking with his mana flowing out of him.

The two men in the front line laughed at Tefman walking with mana slurring out of him.

“The secretary-general said he will take care of everything right?”

“Yeah. He just said keep him alive.”

At his colleague’s words, the giant man smiled brightly. “Then I’ll go! The only thing you know how to do is kill, right?”

“Hmm. I don’t want to admit but that is true.” The Head hunter Saladin shook his head sideways and stepped back.

Then, Kim Joo-han clenched his giant fist and stepped forward.

A moment before imminent disaster...

But at that moment, the large gate of Invincible started to open slowly.

And what they saw was...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 244: Korea-US Treaty – 3




#1

About 100 people were standing shoulder-to-shoulder at the opened main entrance to the door. There, a tall old man wearing a white cloth embroidered with golden clouds appeeared along with a beautiful woman.

The woman bowed toward the old man.

“You didn’t have to come out.”

“it’s a guest who is coming to my house, how can I stay still?” He gave her a mischievous look, covering his mouth with his long sleeve, however, his eyes were looking at the US government’s hunters who were outside the front door. What was he thinking?

“Kwon Je, this is a Martial Art House thing.”

“It’s also my grandson’s work,” Kwon Je uttered under his breath.

Irumi bowed almost instinctively by the force of Kwon Je’s charisma. She was also inextricably comparable to her before, with her new skills and the teaching of Shin Gung-deok, but the weight of this being was felt even more as she became more aware.

“It’s also a matter of my personal interest.”

“Haa...” From the giant’s reply, Irumi can only sigh.

Kwon’s decision was made.

“Where should we enjoy the theatrics?”

As Kwon Je stepped forward, the hunters of the special division divided into two for him to walk in between. Kim Joo-han and Saladin, who were excited to beat up the Americans soon, also turned to stare at the intense waves coming behind them.

“Haah, damn it, the monstrous grandpa must be bored.”

These two were also trained by Kwon Je

“Let’s get out of the way. The grandpa wants to make some trouble.”

“Yup. I think it’s up to us to take care of the damage later.”

As they moved aside, Kwon Je walked through the way they made.

‘Hmm, at least Kwon Je must have some senses.’ Jean Tefman, who was getting a little nervous from the two leaders, thought that Kwon Je perhaps wanted to settle this dispute peacefully.

He has the United States of America behind him, the most powerful country in the world.

And watching that Jean Tefman, Kwon Je laughed inside. ‘He has lost his intuition.’

Jean Tefman didn’t realize it, but Kwon Je had already secretly broken his headset. Kwon Je, who was an 8-star hunter, thanks to motivation from Jaehwang, didn’t even consider this as an attack. Now, all the preparatory work was finished.

“Why the hell are you here, Dumbass?”

“??”

Although Kwon Je said it rudely, his face was serious. But since Kwon Je broke Tefman’s headset, he could not understand Korean without auto-translation. Jean Tefman frowned. He was too stupid to know basic Korean.

“What are you saying?”

Jean’s words came in English. After confirming that his headsets were indeed broken, Kwon Je smiled. He broke the headsets because they contained the conversation tools that would let people’s words get translated. Kwon Je wanted to prepare for the worst possible annoying scenario that might take place soon. No one should know what was about to take place here. Never!

Kwon Je, in a seemingly friendly manner, walked towards Tefman with his hands out. It looks like he’s greeting Tefman, but what he said was exactly the opposite.

“You shit, this is going to be your grave.”

“?”

Realizing that his headset was not working, Tefman was about to look at his headset but a sudden hand gesture from Kwon Je made him take his own hand out. He did not intend to reject a handshake while hundreds of hunters were watching.

“HUH?”

However, unintentionally, his hand went out without his will and pushed Kwon Je’s chest. This was an emergency. Dozens of cameras were filming this moment live for the global news. It looked very much like Kwon Je offered him a handshake and Tefman rejected it and pushed him away.

“What the...!”

Startled, Tefman tried to move back, but his body kept moving forward involuntarily towards Kwon Je.

slap

Tefman’s hand slapped Kwon Je’s cheeks, who was stepping backward. It wasn’t necessarily a hard hit, but everyone was frozen in shock. It was an unthinkable event.

Kwon Je seemed to retreat in shock along with a look of disgust.

‘You’re dead meat now’

A wave of energy rose up in Kwon Je’s two fists.

‘it’s self-defense’

BAAM

crack

“Kwuuk”

Kwon Je’s punched Tefman’s stomach and at the same time, Tefman’s stomach sunk.

Tefman was wearing a set of hunter armor specially made for him using 9-tier monster leftovers, but they were like paper at Kwon Je’s punch. This was only the beginning.

Kwon Je’s right-hand slaps through crouching Jean Tefman. It doesn’t look that hard, of course, just by its looks.

CRRACCCKK

A sound that could not be coming from the contact between two flesh broke, and a handful of Tefman’s teeth went flying away from his mouth. Without even waiting for the flying face of Tefman, Kwon Je struck Tefman’s skull with the blades of his hands.

crushhh

“GGAAAAHHH!!”

Tefman screamed and fell onto the ground, or more like drilled into the ground. A mighty attack! It’s a mighty attack because the grounds of Invincible was made of reinforced concrete. Tefman’s knees dug into the concrete grounds by the force of Kwon Je’s blow.

It took him one second to do this. Before anyone even knew what was happening, Jean Tefman was done. Tefman was a famous 8-star hunter. No one imagined that he would be beaten so helplessly. But, even during his prime, Tefman was never a match for Kwon Je. It’s been 10 years since then. While Kwon Je kept training and advancing beyond his level, Tefman stopped training and focused on politics.

Kwon Je looked down at Tefman with a disapproving look.

“Piece of shit... your skills have deteriorated.”

They actually knew each other from a long time ago. In the past, Kwon Je even went to the US to congratulate Tefman when he was first appointed as the Secretary-General of the US Hunter Secretariat. But being the racist he is, Jean Tefman publicly ignored him. Kwon Je didn’t stood up for himself, but back then, when the US was the most powerful country, he suppressed his anger and bowed his head.

Because he had the Invincible on his shoulders, now was the time for his old vengeance to come.

“Kwwuuhhh”

“You little shit”

Kwon Je grabbed Jean Tefman by the hair to finish him off. Up to this point was an excusable, but he didn’t feel like holding himself back anymore.

He’s not responsible for Invincible anymore. He had Jaehwang, who was trustworthy, for that now.

His grandson who was way beyond him, a monste... well, if Jaehwang didn’t want Invincible, he also had Irumi. The Martial Arts House or Invincible, they would be combined anyway.

*Kwuuuuuh”

“Save the Secretary-General!”

The American hunters, finally coming to senses with what was happening, tried to intervene but it’s already too late. Kwon Je’s fist had already lightly brushed through Tefman’s head and that was enough.

Thud

Jean Tefman’s head trembled violently, then fell backward with his blood running down from his nose and ears.

“The Secretary-General has been murdered”

“What the ****!!” An American hunter yelled.

A Secretary-General of one country was murdered by a hunter from another country.

The hunter took out an aura-infused sword from his armor.

“DIEEE!!”

“EVERYONE ATTACK!!!”

The angry American hunters had gathered their mana in their respective armors and ran towards Kwon Je.

“He’s not even dead... they’re overreacting.” Kwon Je shook off his hands and turned towards the hunters. He definitely wanted to kill off Tefman but it was way too much hassle to do that.

“I’ll take some beating for a bit.”

Multiple weapons slashed Kwon Je and his white clothes soon turned red. It definitely looked like life and death situation, but Kim Juhan and Saladin just stood there watching. His agents were a little startled, but they calmed them down.

“He is going to make some big trouble”

The two already knew how strong Kwon Je was. He wouldn’t budge even if it were them who was beating him up like crazy. There must be a reason why he was taking a beating right now.

And soon, they all found out why.

Kwon Je, who seemed to be retreating unstably, smiled a creepy deadly grin.

He looked back quickly to hint them to not to interrupt before he fixed his breath. His upper body was bleeding, but it was just some skin. He could heal himself in no time, but he intentionally left them that way for what he was about to do.

“Hehehe... good...”

Kwon Je was about to formally celebrate his retirement.

The blood of 1,300 hunters seemed good for his celebration.

“I will show you the true Invincible today.”

SSHHHH BAANGGG

Three huge bayonets lay down on Kwon Je’s head.

They were about to blow his throat at once.

Paching! Woojijik! Kwaa Aang!!!

“Quieie Eck!”

With only one punch, the three bayonets were smashed, sending the ones who wielded them to the skies with their limbs broken.

‘Invincible Forest Breeze’

Kwon Je began to run lightly in place with his upper body lowered, and staring at 1297 hunters with their arms gathered in their chests, no longer in control. One would already have a heart attack if he/she was an ordinary person, especially if they saw Kwon Je’s eyes only clinging to Joy.

“Ha ha ha ha ha!”

bang! Ugh! Kwa Kwa Kwak!

“AHH! OH! OUCH! AH!”

The retirement show of Kwon Je began.

2

[Invincible Cruelty]

The events of the day could only be explained by this one-line headline..

In fact, it was not clear who made the mistake first. One of the parties became a vegetative man on the spot, and the bloody Kwon Je’s well-being became unstable after beating a whopping 1,300 American hunters.

Although many American hunters at the time were from three to five stars, no one could deny that a single 80-year-old man demolished them.

Another thing that fueled their doubt was that even though the Kwon Je of Invincible was insulted by Tefman and attacked by 1,300 hunters, the task force dispatched from the Hunter Secretariat did not show any movement and neither the Invincible at the time of the event.

The Invincible announced that they could only watch because Kwon Je told them to not do anything, but the two hunters of the Korean Hunter Secretariat were caught on camera snickering.

However, it was consistent with articles criticizing the US Hunter Secretariat Jean Tefman, as if the world’s media had secretly agreed among themselves. As if they were waiting, the media flooded Tefman’s history of racism and insulting Kwon Je.

On the contrary, the media said that Kwon Je was the biggest victim, who, with a short statement that he was responsible for this work and suddenly declared his retirement the next day. The Korean media came up all at once saying that they could not send a giant who had defended the Republic of Korea so far.

All sorts of friendly articles about authority began to pour out. Everything he had done throughout his life has been renewed and at the end of the article, the retirement of Kwon Je was opposed by the whole nation with street protests. Kwon Je, who was a bit uncomfortable, felt happy about the outcome.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 245: Demigod – 1




#1

“Haa...”

“is something bothering you Secretary Gen?” Her assistant asked, but Irumi shook her head no.

The assistant was a little nervous if he had made a mistake since Irumi rarely ever showed her emotions. He carefully walked out with his paperwork.

Although Kwon Je declared his retirement, a strong internal and external backlash made his escape plan messy. The existence of authority was in itself a symbol. America’s affairs have been solved so now, they only need to focus on the Dragon Raid.

The secretary’s office was filled with sighs.

“is Jaehwang okay?”

“Are you worried about him?”

“Yes.”

Sinduk, who had been reconstructed by Goongi and now completely gained his sanity, served as a good adviser to Irumi. Of course, when Jaehwang went to practice and left the palace, he left the place, he even got comfortable and expressing Jaehwang, the master of Goongi, as “that dude”.

Irumi had been fully informed of the change in the training room where Jaehwang had locked the door. While everything that they needed was provided for them there, Irumi, who keeps track of the reports, had found one strange thing.

“They don’t use any water at all. No waste either”

You can drink bottled water and pile up trash when you eat, but the problem was that even toilet water was not used. Electricity was being used, of course, although small.

“In the past, such training was common. One replenishes only a minimum of water and falls into training without breaking concentration.”

“Isn’t 50 days too much?”

No matter how much a hunter’s body is superhuman, minimal physiology is required but if they were to check their reports, they won’t even be able to see a trace of it.

“The Martial Arts House guys are quite intense. You don’t know, but when the Martial Arts House guys are born they don’t cry, they say, ‘I’m an intense guy.'”

“Ancestor.”

“OK. I can’t say anything.”

Was the extinction of the Changgung Family caused by the Martial Arts House? Sinduk had a natural antagonism towards the Martial Arts House, but after decades of discovering a precious bloodline, Irumi, and knowing what Irumi thinks of Jaehwang, Sinduk tried to close his sore mouth.

“I have to go.” Irumi got up from her seat.

She was told never to come in uninvited, but she could not leave it as it is even if they scorn her. Irumi hurriedly stepped, trying hard to shake off from her mind the nagging feeling that something might be wrong. Soon, she stopped in front of the large iron gate that was five meters tall.

This was a private training center of Kwon Je. There was a separate one for Jaehwang but now, the only place where Jaehwang can train within the Invincible was Kwon Je’s training room.

Irumi sighed again and took a deep breath in front of the panel on the lock.

This was because it violates Jaehwang’s command which she usually obeys religiously. She hesitated for a bit, then, she finally tried to enter her master code, and the SEALED button on the lock changed to UNSEALED. This meant that the door was released from the inside.

Surprised Irumi calmed her heart and carefully pressed the OPEN button.

ClickCreakPshhhShhhh*

The binding device on the top, bottom, left and right was released and the iron gate opened slowly. There, she saw a rotten red color floating between the heavy doors.

Irumi walked to the door with her head in the light of that unknown sight, and what she saw inside was...

“GASP!!”

Irumi closed her mouth. Ther radiating energy did not only surprise her but it also directly affected her spirit.

“What···. What?”

The training center was quite large.

It was about 100 meters wide and 50 meters tall. It was ridiculously wide for a single person to use, but now, he was lying in this huge space as if it was cramped.

The giant head moved slowly toward her. She knew that the head was a living thing, but its size was so ridiculous. Nevertheless, it didn’t feel like a monster at all, rather, it felt sacred.

The giant’s head stopped at Irumi. Its eyes were as big as her already.

“What’s up?”

The cold voice dug directly into Irumi’s head.

Irumi asked, accustomed to this type of conversation while talking with Sinduk.

“Who are you?”

“I? I...” The voice was about to introduce himself, but the nervous voice of Sinduk interrupted her.

“Goongi... Goongi’s real body!”

“Uh, Sinduk, that would be ‘your highness’ Goongi?”

“Eeek, my lady!”

Sinduk was using his normal way of talking with Irumi but was unluckily caught by Goongi.

“Are you Goongi?”

“You shit, I’ll deal with you later. By the way, it would be the first time you’re seeing me like this.”

“Yes.”

Jaehwang previously introduced Goongi to Irumi as she began to show herself in public because she needed so much to get accustomed to the human world.

At the time, she was a beauty with red hair. There was a feeling that the energy flowing around her was not like a human. Jaehwang also told her that she was not human. Although it was not detailed, he also said some mysteriousness related to her family, but Irumi never imagined that she would look like this.

It’s so huge that she couldn’t even see the whole thing, but if she were to describe it, it looked like the head of a tiger with red hair. Of course, it’s not just about big tigers, the energy that she felt made her nervous.

In particular, its big eyes were exuding dignity that would cause them to kneel down to the ground if they lost their focus even a little.

“Jaehwang said you or Kwon Je might come to visit.”

“I see, then where is Jaehwang?”

“Jaehwang? This is a bit uncomfortable...”

Goongi flipped over her giant body and pulled up one of her forelimbs. Its appearance was like a red cloud rising up into the sky. When she lifted her paw, they saw an egg—no, they saw a green marble surrounded by a layer of red energy.

“Where is Jaehwang?”

“Jaehwang? He’s here.”

What is that?”

“Well. That’s hard to explain too. Originally, it was made with my own power, but the energy of Jaehwang was mixed in, and it was changed like that. Thanks to him, I can’t interfere with him now either. It feels bad man... You know how lonely that place is...

“Huh?”

“Never mind, do you have any questions?”

“Yeah, how is he doing?”

“Stop, you are only allowed to ask this far. If you weren’t Jaehwang ‘s treasurer, you wouldn’t have seen my body like this. Just go back and wait.”

WIND

At Goongi’s words, Irumi felt that her body was stepping back. It wasn’t magic, she exercised her divinity that cannot be rejected, however, she tried to struggle against it.”

“Hoho....” Goongi looked at Irumi, who disobeyed her words, and now who caught her interest.

This meant that aside from mere strength, her soul is of considerable size. But even then, she was nothing compared to Goongi. Google’s eyes turned thin.

“Even if you are an acquaintance of Jaehwang, I won’t forgive you twice.

“One... please tell me one thing.”

“What?”

Irumi, who thought for a moment, opened her mouth in a trembling voice. “Is Jaehwang still human?”

Goongi smiled as if she was pleased with the question. She thought she would ask if Jaehwang was still okay, but it’s quite an insightful question.

“Human? Yes, at least for now he is.”

“At least for now?” Irumi asked back.

“That I don’t know. If he will choose the path of the demigod or to remain as a human, that is his alone.”

“Demigod? What do you mean...”

“Stop! I only allowed you to ask a single question. Go back for now and don’t worry, I’m the one who’s taking care of him.”

With those words, a force incomparable to the previous one swept Irumi away. Then, the iron gate closed firmly.

Irumi then asked Sinduk, “Ancestor, you know what is going on right?”

“Yeah, somewhat”

“What is that?”

“From what I am feeling from the highness’s words and egg, I think Jaehwang is going through some kind of transformation but what that is, I can’t explain either. I can only say that he is getting much stronger.”

At Sinduk’s words, Irumi silently gazed at the iron gate.

Looking at Irumi’s silence, Sinduk tried to hide his sympathy.

There was one thing he found out that he did not tell Irumi. He wasn’t sure if he needed to go in every detail with his descendant. The truth will become a huge pain to Irumi, who had feelings for Jaehwang.

Sinduk closed his mouth shut.

‘He is getting rid of his human shell’

Jaehwang’s human self was drifting away.

2

light crunching sound

A thin crack went through the surface of the turquoise-colored marble. It seemed to stop for a while but then, the crack started spreading out all over the bead. And then, as if something was sucking it from the inside, it was shattered and was absorbed until it revealed a man that wore no clothes.

A tall man with white skin and sculptural skin was hanging black and long hair on the floor as if he had never been shaved. As if the time had stopped, the man sat still with his legs crossed. Goongi, who had watched all of this before the marble was broken, just looked at him.

Soon the man’s mouth opened and a shallow sigh flowed out.

“Hou...” Jaehwang sighed as he slowly opened his eyes just to meet Goongi, who was staring at him with her face close.

Anyone else would faint, but Jaehwang just looked at her eyes without changing his expression.

“You saw through it until the end.”

“How long has it been?”

“Exactly 53 days and 3 hours.”

Jaehwang looked at his body at her response.

He was in Goongi Prison for too long and it was not easy for him to get used to those changes. One day there was one year in that prison. He had spent 53 years inside it. She tried to intervene with his training in between. It would normally be an impossible thing, but she had the powers to do so.

But even so, Jaehwang rejected her.

Just like that, he spent 53 years alone in the Goongi Prison.

“It’s not as bad as I thought it would be.”

He hasn’t eaten anything for 53 days so he should be in a horrible condition but by his appearance, he looked much better than before. While Jaehwang was checking his body, Goongi said annoyingly.

“Why did you have to stay so long?”

“No, I only used about 20 years... rest...hmm...”

Inside the prison, Jaehwang focused on the Chintamani Hemolysis or rather correctly, he focused on the Chintamani jewel and tried to melt it with Hemolysis. For the first few years, it did not even budge. If he had fully understood the Hemolysis and finished training but the Chintamani still didn’t show any signs, he would have given up mid-way.

The Goongi Prison was indeed lonely.

Jaehwang tried to keep his human memories by waking up on schedule and eating at the same time, but at one point he gave up on that also. How much time must have passed? He even forgot about the time and focused on the Chintamani Hemolysis, and now, here he was.

‘Status Window’

Jaehwang habitually called up his Status Window.

Status Windows were the fastest way of analyzing his progress but even after a long wait, his Status Window did not appear.

“Hmm, what is happening?”

“What?”

“My Status Window...”

Goongi let out a deep sigh. “Are you dumb. You can’t measure yourself with such an archaic system anymore”

“What?”

“You’re not a hunter anymore... well, if you want that, you can make one yourself.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 246: Demigod – 2




#1

Jaehwang was a little taken back by Goongi’s reply that he was no longer a hunter, but that was it. He quickly regained his senses and closed his eyes and began to think about the original skill window.

‘His cuteness is gone.’

Goongi, on the one hand, felt the dual feeling of joy and sorrow. His aura showed his decision. Perhaps it was the path chosen with the desire to be constantly strong but as a result, his mischief as a human being was also blunted.

‘It’s not that bad.’

However, Goongi liked the positive side a bit.

At least now that he was a demigod, he was at level with her in terms of being a deity. He was still a half-human, but that had its own joy. Now as an immortal, he can live long with Goongi together. The issue was...

‘How do I seduce him now?’

Even when he was human, nothing worked on him and now that he turned into a demigod, he might be even more austere with her. Goongi frowned at that thought.

Finally, Jaehwang opened his eyes.

“My skills have not disappeared”

“Obviously? It’s just that the object changed to you” Goongi replied with a somewhat annoyed expression.

“Hmm...” Jaehwang closed his eyes again to think of a skill window, watching out not to annoy Goongi.

After getting a basic direction, re-loading the skill window was easy.

He had already seen these hundreds and thousands of times so after clearing up his mind a little, it appeared right away.

Of course, it was different from the status windows before.

Name: Chun Jaehwang

Deity: 10,000,000/8,242,349

Physical activation: 1,000%

Mana Activation: 4,000%

Skill:

New Bee Arrow

Chintamani Hemolysis

Qin Martial Arts Archery

Emerging Arrow

Dancing Arrow

Exploding Arrow

Strong Arrow

Arrow Shower

Arrow of Penetration

Absolute Zone

Amhonbo

Hemolysis

Light Yellow Eyes

Dynasty Crest

“Ooh, not bad?”

More details were needed to be adjusted, but seeing this felt like a blast in the past.

The status window was roughly assorted. With a little power, 1,000% would jump to 10,000% in no time. The limitations of his current body were not known yet.

“This needs some modification.”

Jaehwang got rid of the headaches and noticed something else.

The biggest difference from the existing status window was that Goongi’s eyes, deity, fast play, and cooking skills had disappeared from it.

The “quick regeneration” and “cooking” gained by the save disappeared with the rest.

Of course, it was natural that it disappeared from the system, but the fast replay was a nice skill so Jaehwang felt a little bitter.

“Goongi’s Eyes” disappeared as Jaehwang gained the same level of being with Goongi, but it didn’t really bother him since he could generate the skill before anyway. “Deity” just got absorbed by Jaehwang so the levels and ranks were replaced by it.

The meaning of all these was not known yet. Jaehwang thought it was roughly the same mechanism as the existing ‘new’ skill, but no details were given. He didn’t really understand it in his head but fortunately, his body could feel it.

He could feel the thoughts of those who worship him in the world in just a flow of a small breath.

“This, hmm...” Jaehwang rose from his seat and nearly fell down.

“Are you OK?”

“Yeah, I’m having a hard time adapting to these changes though...”

His body was not in pain. It was perhaps best described as, “Is this how a salmon born in the river felt like when it first encountered the sea?”

All the information and ideas that came in at random from the surroundings made him tired.

“Be careful, you are now very divine. You also came out by the power of the Chintamani Jewel, so it’s delicate and unstable at the moment. As you go through, things about you will either be divided into an evil spirit or good but for now, only think about capturing what you have gained. ”

“Okay. Thank you for your concern.” Jaehwang raised his hand and stroked Goongi’s nose, just touching her calmed his heart.

Interestingly, Goongi and Jaehwang were still bound by the soul.

Goongi was now actually completely free from the covenant of the soul, restoring her original level divinity. By becoming a higher being than the spirits of the ancestors of Jaehwang, who was the subject of the covenant, all the previous ones could be made invalid.

However, Goongi was not willing to break it, and Jaehwang also did not want to break it. Thus, it became one of the divine meanings and was reborn as a new one.

[Divinity Sharing]

Two and one, they shared each other’s divinity, which strengthened the divinity of Jaehwang. If it was not with the help of Goongi, even if there was a Chintamani stone, it would be have been difficult to achieve the sacred soul in a short time.

Jaehwang smiled lightly as the divine cycle took place. Then, feeling a bit shy, Goongi opened her mouth to change the topic.

“I saw Irumi a while ago.”

“Ah, Irumi... ”

When Goongi mentioned Irumi, Jaehwang just remembered the crisis that hit earth before he went into his transformation. It’s been a long time, so he forgot it all. Now, they are faint enough to re-awaken his memories.

“I have to go.” Jaehwang took a step. As Jaehwang tried to think of the structure here, they were slowly coming back.

Then, Goongi asked in a somewhat reluctant voice, “Will you really go like that?”

“Huh? What... ah!” Jaehwang soon realized that he was naked. Clearly, before entering the palace, he remembered wearing comfortable clothes, but they have long since disappeared.

“Do we have some pair of clothes in the infinity Storage?”

“Yeah, but it wouldn’t fit?”

“Why? Give me it to me first.”

“Okay.”

Jaehwang wore the clothes that Goongi pulled out of the infinity storage and he soon frowned, realizing that his clothes became smaller.

“Did I get bigger?”

“Yeah, probably two meters now? ”

“It’s not even... Why?”

“You weren’t reconstructed into a god’s body but it’s divine. It could have been a completely different form than humans. I wish you were a tiger like myself.”

“That’s a good thing.”

He didn’t know what it’s like to be totally different from humans, but Jaehwang didn’t want to give up his human body. After taking an old cloak from the Infinity High, he could cover himself up enough to not be embarrassed by going out.

Shhhhh

As Jaehwang was putting on the cape, Goongi gradually became smaller, and she soon became a human beauty. While in human form, she approached Jaehwang and polished his clothes.

“Please cut my hair.”

“Why? It’s nice to see...”

“It’ll be unnecessary if we were to fight...”

Goongi, who was a little dissatisfied with Jaehwang’s request, whimpered and stopped while he was about to cut his hair, she whirled it around instead.

“Huh? Why?”

“It’s my taste. Accept it. ”

Goongi pouted her lips and Jaehwang, who looked a little troubled and soon, he gave her a look of surrender along with a shrug.

“Okay.”

If it was before, he would have been stubborn but now, it was Jaehwang who listened to her.

Shhhhhoooooo

Satisfied with Jaehwang’s answer, she disappeared in the air.

“Why not just go together with me?”

“I’m more comfortable with this so go, my groom!”

“What?”

“If you didn’t hear me, whatever”

“No, I didn’t hear you...”

“Agh! Don’t ask me about it again! Even as a demigod, you have no senses!”

“Yeah, well okay.”

After taking Goongi’s scorns, Jaehwang walked outside the training area and slowly fixated on his memory for his way back to the Martial Arts House.

2

Of course. Those who saw Jaehwang after those 53 days were all amazed.

All those who faced Jaehwang appearing in the main building of the Martial Arts House hurried up from their seats and bowed.

“It’s been a long time.”

Jaehwang became busy remembering the faces of strangers from the gaps in time.

“Huh, it’s really Jaehwang right?” Finally, the head of the guard team in the main building asked with an embarrassed expression, noting that the appearance of Jaehwang had changed.

“Haha, am I a little different?”

It’s only two months, isn’t it too short for people to change this much? His outward appearance has changed greatly, but the biggest change was that his aura had changed completely.

Before, he exuded a sharp, cold, and reserved aura but now, he almost looked a little androgynous. He suddenly got so much taller, and it felt like his mana was too clean for a human.

“Jaehwang.”

Irumi, who quickly came at the news of Jaehwang’s appearance, greeted him with a happy face, hiding her shaking eyes. Then, looking at his face, her face hardened slightly. She felt his different aura and her face was showing signs of grief at the fact that he didn’t feel like a human anymore.

‘Jaehwang chose the god’s way.’

“Thanks for handling all the trouble while I was away.”

“It’s nothing compared to you who finished the hard training safely.”

It was Irumi who replies quickly and answers affairs in a strict business manner.

“No worries and by the way, I think there have been some changes in my absence.”

The scenery of the main building of the Martial Arts House was filled with traces of busy hands analyzing the dragon’s movements coming in real-time.

“Yeah. I’ll explain that in the conference room. ”

“Sounds good.”

3

<at jaehwang’s=”” office=””>

After listening to Irumi, Jaehwang sat down in the office, reading the materials about dragons prepared by the Martial Arts House.

“America really ticked off the dragon.”

“Yup”

Jaehwang swept over his hair at the comment that the month that the dragon said was only a week away. America’s stupid mistakes and the dragon’s irrational attacks were not even on his mind.

He wished he had time to fully grasp his divinity, but a week was too short. In addition, by the look of the data prepared by Irumi, the dragon was more open about her abilities.

“I was wrong.”

“Yeah.”

This was an analysis of the dragon while Jaehwang was away.

Back then, they focused on the dragon’s magical abilities, high intelligence, and its powerful body but looking at the new information that came in, the nature of the dragon was like that of Jaehwang and Goongi; it was also a divine creature.

“Their first opponent is a demigod of another world...”

“The nature of its divinity might be completely different. You also cannot neglect the issue of being of the superior species.”

“Yes, I’m also feeling it.”

Since his nature is that of battle, Jaehwang’s martial senses were as highly sophisticated as Goongi’s.

And that sensation was objectively telling him that his opponent was powerful.

At the same time in Jaehwang’s head, the simulation battle with the dragon through the data was constantly repeated.

Jaehwang’s look was not good after those simulations.

“The odds aren’t bad, but there are exceptions.”

“Okay.”

The dragon was like an onion, he didn’t know what was in it yet.

“I’d rather have Baeklin at this moment”

Among the data collected from the Martial Arts House, the dragon also directly mentioned Baeklin. If you have a direct connection with the dragon, you might be able to avoid fighting it. Now, however, Baeklin was in the Dark Earth.

How did he know that? Because he shared his phone number with Baeklin. Jaehwang tried to make a call, but Baeklin’s phone was off.

“You would probably be too busy for a week.”

Definitely, getting used to his divinity while thinking about the battle, Jaehwang felt like he won’t have enough time to sleep.

“Huh, I don’t have enough time to make up for my lack of sugar.

“...”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 247: Preparing for Dragon Raid – 1




#1

When Jaehwang was thinking about the battle with the dragon, there was another being, with a blushed face, that laughed at him.

On a penthouse on the top floor of a hotel in Las Vegas, a beauty was buried on a bed, watching Jaehwang’s raid highlights on a huge TV.

L was squeaking and laughing every time the screen changes as she presses several remote controls on the table with her fingers.

“Ha. This is so thrilling.”

L was distracted by the provocatively edited video.

She might not know about Goongi’s k-drama fandom, which was her own precedent but this large, long-lived creature was also getting addicted to the world’s newspapers. Initially shopping for cigarettes, she was now showing greater interest in the earth’s culture.

“Wow! cool.”

And what’s ironic was that she’s most fascinated by the show with an enemy she might have to face.

“Oh, I almost forgot the ‘Dragon and the Archery Master!'”

She clapped her hands and then used her familiar touch to control the remote to turn on the other screen next to her. What she was watching was a video that was provided by the hotel as a paid service.

Just as the commercial ended, its part two began.

The appearance of the studio was revealed by overlapping the figure of herself flying in the sky with the figure of the archer pulling the string of his bow.

“Hello. This is Josh Hamilton of SBX. In the first part, we have described the dragon that currently threatens America. In the second part, we will focus on the Archery Master, which is called the dragon’s only opposition.”

The screen began to change, and dozens of cross-edited arches passed by like a panorama.

It did meticulously analyze who should deal with the enemy. These funny humans were broadcasting all of their Master Archer’s skills, and they’re educating her about the extent of his abilities.

At first, she didn’t care so much.

To her, human beings were the inferior species, believing that she just needs to step in until they start to behave once again.

Nevertheless, with over 18 hours of emergency broadcasts about herself, L was bombarded with information about the most advanced hunter, Jaehwang, who was supposed to be the only opponent in the world for her.

As she began to fall for watching TV, she saw him whenever they broadcasted about her, so naturally, she became a little curious.

In addition, through the penthouse, she was able to watch all kinds of videos that most of their customers wanted, and the most popular one was, of course, the videos about the world’s Master Archer.

After giving her a month’s grace period in hopes of giving humans greater despair, she gathered as much information she could about Jaehwang. And was it a prank of heaven? Unbeknownst to her, she was becoming addicted to watching Jaehwang.

[Tier 9-Raba Golem got smashed with a single shot!]

Jaehwang’s bow that was firmly fixed to the quadcopter was in a sensational view of the Lava Golem with an intense effect.

“Whoa, if you didn’t know about this, this would get you instantly! Okay, check ”

Of course, while she was yelling, she smiles as she watches Jaehwang.

“This is a super close-up of the archer captured by the Colony’s drone in the Behemoth Raid! Wow, gorgeous. Do you see the flashing? It’s like using the flashing skills of AOS games in a row! What is this skill, Martin?”

“High agility skills, top-notch stealth skills, and archery strategic moves that make it hard to capture him even with a drone recording at 300 frames per second. Of particular note here is this stealth skill. I think this stealth skill will play a decisive role in this Dragon Raid. In the case of the Ogamushi Raid, the ability to escape from Sake-no-Osuke Forest, which was rated as 6 to 7 tiers seems to have been a great force of this skill. If you can help the archer through some strategic support in the future, I think that the archer who has silenced the 10-tier monster, Ogamushi, in one shot will be able to succeed in beating the dragon.” A model-like Western man with a blonde hair compliments Jaehwang excitedly.

“Well. I understand Martin’s opinion, but I’m against that idea. It is true that he is strong, but our American hunters are not that far behind.”

The camera angle then turned and showed the figure of a bald hunter. He has been steadily criticizing the archer since the previous broadcast. Although he was treated as an enemy of all who follows Jaehwang, he was a celebrity in the United States who were famous for that very same reason.

“Oh, that guy doesn’t even rest.” L frowned at the sight of the critic. She felt like flying to the station right now and swallow him in a single bite but because of her promise, she had no choice but to bear it.

“Aghh!” L finally held up the phone on the table. She wanted to call the broadcasting company to immediately to ask them to get rid of that bald guy and have one more footage of Jaehwang.

“We cannot complete your call due to...”

“Goddamn it!!” She gave up angrily. “Whatever, less than one week left anyway.”

In a week, her promise would be over. She decided to take care of everything then. Right then, the screen on the TV changed into emergency news.

“Huh?”

“Breaking news, the 10-star Master Archer has finally broken his silence. There were no official statements from the Martial Arts House, but from a trustworthy source, it is said that he has been training for this raid and the Dragon Raid will almost certainly take place. Now America was suspected to get in touch with the Archer soon.

“Hmm... is he finally taking charge”

Now L’s vibe changed drastically. She was almost looking like a k-show fangirl these days but her nature was that of a dragon. She soon gained her poise back.

“This will be fun”

This Archer seems very different from the rest of humans. The reason from the beginning she focused on him was because he exhibited superhuman abilities. It’s like meeting a handsome, intelligent ape out of a stupid generation of one.

Her intrigue changed a bit that she started following him everywhere, but she hasn’t forgotten her primary mission. If she erased the strongest human from the earth, it could lose its footstool and even out the universe.

“Perhaps I could just push him up to point of death, then kidnap him... hoho... that could work.”

#2

The atmosphere within the charter for the United States was very calm. There was a quadcopter, the Atlas, but because it was made for military use, it was very uncomfortable.

Jaehwang sat down and looked Irumi, who was frowning.

“What’s wrong?” Jaehwang asked, and Irumi replied with a sigh.

“It’s because the United States is providing power generation and communications facilities for the hotel where the Dragon was staying.”

“You mean broadcasting?”

“Even if you said it was okay, what kind of variables would it result in if we were to supply knowledge to someone who had a level of intelligence that outweighs humans? In the meantime, these broadcasts are being provided to the dragon, which is like telling everything about you. I don’t understand whether they want this raid to succeed or want it to fall.” Irumi seemed to have been dissatisfied for quite a long time, there seems to be much in the inside.

Jaehwang laughed at her words. In fact, he had already foreseen this scenario even before he went out to practice. It was a monster that naturally enjoys shopping. His video could always be found, so Jaehwang instructed Irumi not to block the broadcast.

“I am now completely different. If a dragon responds based on me before, I would rather...”

“I know that, but...” Irumi knows what Jaehwang was saying.

If you can’t hide the exposure of information, misleading it was always a choice, however, Irumi was still not comfortable with the idea.

“How did the Allied attack go?”

“The World Hunter Secretariat and the United States are moving fast and now, they are coming together.”

Those who came to the United States now were six to seven hunters. Their role would be to deal with the monster wave that the dragon was gathering. The emperor was trying to create a clear one-on-one composition with the dragon.

Along with some noise, the two giants who walked through the plane made it even more cramped.

It was Kwon Je and Dong-cheol.

“Oh, I have a kid now, why are you hitting my head!”

“I’ll see you when you get off the plane.”

Dong-cheol, who was married recently, had suspended the raid for a while.

Dong-cheol hurriedly joined this raid when they announced that Jaehwang would be fighting the dragon. Kwon Je also joined them, stating that he doesn’t have much else to do. They were both heading towards America.

Dong-cheol, who had a bad memory of Kwon-Je, kept annoying the old man with him and since he couldn’t make a scene in a plane, Kwon Je was only holding Dong Cheol down with threats.

“Ha! I have a different place to go to. You were registered as a seven-star hunter while I’m still ranked two levels below you. I will follow Jaehwang once we start our unified attack. I’m not going off with an old man.”

“Hey. What kind of a five-star are you? You clean up seven-tier monsters like nothing. ”

“Haha. It was difficult for me to get the 7-star hunter license. Sometimes, it’s nice to be a forced awakener”

Forced awakeners were treated a level below the Natural Awakeners who were called the Debauchers. Even if Dong-cheol was skilled within the Invincible Palace, that stereotype followed him even now.

“Ugh, after this raid, I’m going to clean out the Hunter Secretariat. Their work procedures are ridiculous... actually, I’m going to re-issue your license.”

“What are you saying!” Dong Cheol reached out to Kwon Je’s phone.

“How dare you!”

In an instant, two giant hands cross dozens of times in the air.

The two were so powerful and they have similar physicality, so a small back and forth exchange like this ended up producing a huge impact. They might’ve been in an accident if their hands somehow ended up on the plane.

“AGH!”

*BOOM*

“What!”

When he had trouble taking the phone away from him, Dong-cheol struck his arm, knocking his phone towards the wall with a speed faster than a bullet’s. It would’ve been a huge disaster if it landed but just when it was about 10 meters away from the point of impact, Jaehwang’s hand flickered, making the phone disappear and appear in his grip.

“Huh?”

It happened so quickly that even Kwon Je did not have time to respond. Or, except for Jaehwang, even Kwon Je who was next in terms of who was the strongest, had no idea how this happened.

Jaehwang played with the phone in his hand and called someone.

“Hello? Secretary-General, yes, yes, we have a 7-star hunter who guised as a 5-star hunter and boarded the plane. Yes, Ma Dongcheol, please change his rank at this moment and put him in the list of hunters coming in the Allied Raid. Yes, okay.”

After hanging up, the phone rose from Jaehwang’s hand and flew to the hands of Kwon Je.

“HAHAHAHA! You now you have to move with me! I’ll roll you this time.” Kwon Je’s eyes shone brightly.

“Hey! Who do you think you are?!” Dong-cheol cried out to Jaehwang.

“I feel like I’ll be tired if I were to go with you,” Jaehwang answered while closing his eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 248: Prepare for Dragon Raid – 2




#1

Kwon Je’s words were not kept as they landed. As soon as the doors were opened, thousands of people at the airport burst into cheers.

“Welcome.”

As soon as the charter came down, the US President, Bill Trump, welcomed Jaehwang with an awkward Korean accent.

The thick, elderly white man with greed-filled eyes, reached out to Jaehwang. Perhaps this time, he wanted to raise his approval ratings.

Bill Trump’s held out his hand... and Jaehwang looked at it for a while.

“Should we start slowly?” Goongi said internally.

“Okay, get ready”

Jaehwang conversed with Goongi, he then swept up his hair and grabbed Bill Trump’s hand with a fresh smile. “Thank you very much for your welcome.”

“Ohhh oh!!!”

The sound of camera shutters rang out as loud as the cheers of the journalists. This was the first time he appeared in public.

If one were to add the cameras of the stations, it seems that the number of journalists was almost up to 1,000.

Jaehwang played around with President Bill Trump’s friendliness as he clung beside him.

“Let’s go.”

“Yes.”

The cameras continued to flash as they walked through the red carpet.

“Wow! That archer is so handsome!”

“You’re looking crazy good, throwing off that slimy armor!”

“Is that even a human?!”

“It’s a scoop. Scoop!”

As Jaehwang smiled and waved his hands towards the reporters, some female journalists fainted. For some reason, some male reporters had the same case.

Jaehwang headed to the press conference with President Bill Trump side by side. They were followed by their hunters as well as the American hunters who would participate in this union raid.

#2

Kwon Je was sitting on the charter and looking out to the back of his grandson.

“Aren’t you sorry?” Dongcheol, standing stiffly and looking out with him, replied.

“What?”

“It could have been you there. You are strong. If it wasn’t for Jaehwang, you would be the world’s greatest.”

Kwon Je smirked lightly at Dongcheol’s remark. “It’s been a long time since I’ve thrown those thoughts into some monsters’ mouths.”

Kwon Je lived low not only for Korea but for the people under his care that he loved. He was a thunderbird in the past and was saved by being Jaehwang’s grandfather.

When they were running away from the monsters, he blocked the waves of the monsters alone and saved his life, he left a deep mark in Kwon Je’s heart. Since then, he has vowed to continue his legacy.

His grandson now stands in such a proud position — no, he is now also his own grandson.

“Aren’t you sorry?”

“Why would I be?”

“If the words Jaehwang told us would come true, the gates will disappear. Then, you would just be a powerful and grumpy old man.”

Jaehwang revealed the facts only to Kwon Je and Dongcheol as the one he trusts the most in this world and his only friend. With Jaehwang’s plan, many hunters would lose their jobs if the gates started to disappear. There would still be monsters on earth but that would just dry out in a few years and by that time, the hunter would probably be rejected by the people.

But Dongcheol laughed at the words of Kwon Je. “I’ll just have a farm.”

“Farm?”

“Yeah, and I’ll make it very big! Did you know why I was resting? I ran around sweating my soles on the land I bought in the north!”

“Huh.” Dongcheol’s ambitious plan surprised Kwon Je. “This can’t a plan that came from your head. Was it your wife’s?”

“Hehe, marriage is a good thing.”

Kwon Je gave an envious look to Dongcheol. He may have a casual relationship but he was still solo to this day. Thinking that this dumb guy had a wife but he didn’t angered him.

“You shit... let’s leave.”

“Huh?”

“Never mind.”

In the meantime, he upgraded his training plan for Dongcheol and turned his eyes out of the window.

“Whoever’s grandson that is, he’s awesome.”

#3

“... I will take it a step further and do my duty as a protector not only in the United States but also in the world.”

“Woah... Woah...”

*shutter clicking*

After a short but intense press conference of Jaehwang, the reporters busied themselves by taking his photo.

Jaehwang used to keep absolute privacy from the outside press. Even if he had the title of the world’s strongest, he wasn’t appearing in the media and he didn’t exercise its influence.

Jaehwang, who threw off all of his drab armor and dressed in a luxurious suit was very photogenic. Bill Trump, who was standing next to him with a happy look, faded in the people’s minds.

President Bill Trump also opened his mouth to reporters as to compete with Jaehwang.

“I am in a glorious place today to commemorate the day when the United States became an eternal friend with the Master Archer. I promise you here that we, the United States, will always support the Archer and spare no support for his actions.”

At the end of his statement, the reporters began to murmur.

Bill Trump, the current president of the United States, was famous for his sudden tendencies. It was nicely said, but everyone seems to think that it was just done for the sake of showmanship, he’s an attention seeker. Everyone was actually expecting him to make a scene.

“So I want to announce my big decision here. If this Dragon Raid were to be successful, we will be giving Las Vegas to Jaehwang for 30 years.”

“!!!”

The reporters began to murmur once more. They expected something big, but they never thought that much. He meant the transfer of one country’s territory to another. What made it even crazier was that this territory was to be given to an individual.

“President! That means that it could seriously infringe on the private property rights of the citizens of the United States now! ”

“I believe that the United States and the Archer will have a real partnership, not a mere alliance.”

“Is it in agreement with the current state!”

“The state will also actively accept my opinion ...”

The reporters got up like a bee and shouted, but there were so many questions that they went off after a promise to release the news’ details. And there, Bill Trump just nodded his head with a satisfied expression.

The press conference ended with just a few more questions about President Bill Trump’s bombings.

It’s time to move for the Dragon Raid.

Jaehwang walked toward a waiting vehicle with President Bill Trump, who was surrounded by dozens of awakener bodyguards who were placed in preparation for terrorism.

After leaving the airport, tens of thousands of citizens were raving about Jaehwang and President Bill Trump.

In the meantime, those who lost their homes due to the dragon’s attack shouted eagerly for the emperor. Various placards began to stand out.

‘Please let us go home.’

‘I trust you.’

Some were seen kneeling and praying to their god.

When Jaehwang waved his hand, people shouted with enthusiasm.

“May God bless you, long live Trump! ”

With his name mixed in with the cheers, President Bill Trump busied himself by answering their calls and it was then, at that moment, when one of his bodyguards pointed his finger in the air.

“Mo-monster!”

“Monster!”

“Ohhhh!

“Dragon!”

Starting with him, everyone started to look up at the sky that was then filled with a shadow.

Some shouted dragons, but they were not dragons. They were similar to a dragon, but they much thinner than that. It was surrounded by blue scales, contrasting with the golden scales of gold dragons. The problem was that it was longer than a dragon.

It stalked down a wavy aura with its four wings in its snake-like fuselage. Each time it wanders in the air with its four arms, the sun was obscured and the clouds were washed away.

In its overwhelming appearance that seems to be over 500 meters long, people stared at the sky with their dreadful eyes without even running away.

“Grrrrrr ...”

It’s deep growl rang, and people started to faint.

“Uh ... uh.”

Bill Trump, who sat on the floor and wet his pants, was busy catching up with panic. It was the same with the awakeners. They were terrified with fear.

When everyone was silent in absolute fear, there was a young man who walked towards it with a casual look.

That was Jaehwang.

*steps*

Jaehwang, who stepped lightly onto a building, began to rise vertically at a tremendous speed. His hand, which jumped like a tread on a soaring building, carried his gear. The monster didn’t seem to be able to ignore Jaehwang too, it turned his huge head towards him and...

*Paaang!*

Jaehwang flew up while aiming at the monster and after a moment, his hand released an arrow

*Kwa Kwak !!! Cha Cha Cha Changggg!*

The shock waves began to burst, and all the glass around him was shattered in unison.

*Shhhhhhiinggg*

The arrow that left Jaehwang had already become something that could not be called an arrow.

It flew to the monster’s head at the speed of light.

“KRRRRRRRRR!”

The monster also began to gather a dense amount of blue mana in between its horns.

*WHOOOOOSH*

A blue sphere, squeezed between the two horns in the fiercely sucking wind, shot out towards Jaehwang’s arrow.

*Kwaaaaa*

The shock waves generated by the two explosions vibrated the heaven and the earth

Everyone was kneeling and staring at the battle of a giant monster boasting a giant shell comparable to a god with a human shell unfolding in the sky. There were now awakeners of levels six and seven, but they dared not take part in the battles of those gods. All they could do was wish that their god would win.

“Papang! Kwa kwa Kwak”

*HUGE EXPLOSION*

None of these people could see Jaehwang’s movement properly. Every time Jaehwang steps into the building, they can only see the afterglow that appears whitish. The shocking sound that bursts from his feet and the shock wave that blows each time it breaks through the speed of sound was a bonus.

Monsters that deals with human gods also began to prepare for big attacks. As its giant mouth begins to open, some blue marbles began to swing violently between its teeth.

Jaehwang also stopped in preparation for the attack and began to draw mana from the rain palace.

*fire spark*

Sparks bounced around his body. After a while, they all gathered at his finger.

*Quaa!*

At the same time, a breath of red from the mouth of the monster came out as a pillar of light shot out from Jaehwang’s body.

*BOOOOOM*

“Ahhhhh!”

“Ahh!”

A shockwave incomparable to the previous ones exploded out. Then...

*CHCHCHCHCH BOOOOM!!*

The pillar of light went through the monster’s attack before it struck its head.

“Kaah!”

The monster rocked all over with a painful scream, but the attack of Jaehwang was not over yet.

*CHRRRRRRRR*

The rain of arrows that started from the end of his bow began to ruthlessly beat the whole body of the monster.

“Kaak!”

Monster struggled in pain. The gusts caused by the giant fuselage made people’s hair flutter.

“Wow! Genius! Genius! ”

Those who were in panic now woke up and started cheering at their god. They shed tears and shouts like a fanatic to Jaehwang and...

“Kaah!”

When the heavy arrow of light hit the monster’s head once again, the monster popped out as it was.

*electric sound*

“He ... won.”

“The archer won.”

The monster’s body twisted through its head and became a blue cloud at one point before it slowly disappeared.

Starting with the head bursting out, the monster was scattered like a cloud of blue dust and after a while, the radiant sun appeared.

*stepping down*

Jaehwang, who had lightly descended to the ground, returned with a short deep breath and returned his bow and arrow into his infinity storage.

The people who waited on his return began to shout.

“Archer! Archer! Archer!! ”

“God!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 249: Her Situation – 1




#1

The temporary base was about three hours from the airport.

It was pretty bumpy, but no one complained because the procession of those who took refuge along the way continued constantly.

-Do you have any injuries?

-It’s fine.

What’s that monster that transformed before?

-Blue Dragon, its divinity was scattered but don’t worry about it. It’s not worth using a 9-tier mana stone for.

-You mean you can’t use it again?

-No, you can use it again, but its remaining divinity was scraped and consumed, so I can’t use it like before. Even if you put a 9-tier mana stone inside it, it should only be as good as an 8 tier monster.

It’s pretty strong for a tier nine.

The size was similar to the Ogamushi, which was the one that he raided before.

Nevertheless, if the monster appeared from the ground, more than half of the people would not be able to escape their battle.

-It exploded after giving me some impact.

-The conclusion is that it’ll be pretty useless in the future.

-There are still quite a few saints who can only have the strength of a 9th tier. You can keep one of them. I mean, you could even if the cost is pretty bad.

-It’s not easy. I still struggled.

-Hoho, no.

While talking with Goongi, Jaehwang opened his status window. The letters that were written at the top then stood out.

Name: Chun Jaehwang Deity: 20,000,000 / 11,242,349

This was one of the reasons why he did this show today. The number is still rising steadily.

-It’s a bit bothersome to see.

20,000k/11,256k... 11,278... 11, 310

The status window was just a tool for making intuitive decisions.

101% ... 102% ... 104%

Being strong feels intuitive.

Feeling the divinity becoming harder, Jaehwang closed his eyes and enjoyed it.

It’s also new to be able to see what’s behind the world. How does it feel to scan the code behind the homepage that the programmer has neatly made? Jaehwang learned all of this with the remnants of the system, Save, which was still in his body along with his newly acquired half-god’s eyes.

#2

“They have arrived.”

In the cautious voice of a man, Jaehwang slowly opened his eyes.

Because he was focusing on the system for a long time, he frowned at the visual information coming in at random.

In the distance, a huge building on a large rocky hill came in his sight.

“It must be a familiar.”

Kwon Je looked over the buildings with his curious eyes.

Then, one of the US troops who followed the guide nodded and answered, “Of course. That barrier was constructed with reference to the invincible’s outer wall structure. We find the worm monsters troubling, so it would make sense that we took note of what Invincible did.”

Kwon Je nodded at the guide’s explanation. Indeed, the walls of invincible were also deeply dug underground.

When viewed from the outside, it looked like a special concrete barrier that was about 40 meters high. One base was installed in accordance with a monster’s path if it did attack and for reference, the barrier was said to be able to complete a magic circle that a hunter could complete in case of emergencies.

Jaehwang’s beloved quadcopter, Atlas, slumped over a letter that appeared to have been made temporarily by the base that was said to be under maintenance by its mechanics. It was so huge that it couldn’t be contained by a helipad inside the base. As a temporary measure, they picked up the land outside the base and built a landing area which even seems cramped.

“I accidentally deployed a support vehicle near that landing and two of them flew in the wind.”

Irumi then asked, “Is anyone hurt?”

“I was lucky to have a healer nearby. It’s our fault. I sent the attention in advance at the martial arts house, but the maintenance crews, like the braids, approached FM and said...”

“I’m glad though.”

Atlas had no place to be in other than Invincible, so they would really need to produce something for it to just land.

At first glance, it resembles the UFO. Atlas, a monstrosity of nearly 120 meters, was not a simple flight board, thanks to its four rotors extending in all directions on its planetary body.

The Atlas was equipped with four separate mana-stone engines that use about two every month. Jaehwang blows billions of mana stones, which was not like a piece of chewing gum. Nevertheless, it was more likely to be disassembled again because of the sheer amount of energy it uses.

Simply speaking, it was equipped with four 30mm Gatling Cannons that use only the type of bullets that could easily smash a monster. It had that capacity even though it was originally designed just to provide support on its melee ground troops.

The maximum number of shots that it could do was 100,000.

Originally, the hatch of the bombing was converted to hold a sniper spear, and its left counterpart had a space for loading missiles. Jaehwang can only do so much with money. Note that the rail gun was 10 times more expensive than the Atlas as a whole. Although it had to sacrifice most of the space for just one, the rail gun was capable of shooting three rounds per minute that could silence 6th tier monsters in one shot.

It was a nasty aircraft that only the US could produce.

As they set foot on dry ground, they were waiting to meet Jaehwang.

“Welcome Master Archer!”

They were enthusiastically cheering as if they welcomed a dictator from a country in the past. Everyone saw Jaehwang’s greatness live.

In the distance, men dressed in lab coats rolled their eyes as if they were trying to dissect Jaehwang’s body. It was because of the fear that comes from the speculation of the superhuman. Irumi, Dongcheol, and people of the Martial Arts House who got off the car in advance were all excited about their enthusiastic cheers.

A woman with a group of hunters behind him approached Jaehwang.

“I’m Jane Cousins, Head of Site-1, Nevada.”

They thought that there would be a hard soldier in charge but surprisingly, the head of Site-1 was a woman.

The blonde’s hair was tied back, and it’s hot so her shirt was quite open. All eyes were on this Latino beauty with a youthful look. Irumi frowned near Jaehwang’s side.

She was quite a contrast to the cold Irumi, who was undisturbed in her clothes. Moreover, her eyes towards Jaehwang were passionate. Even if Jaehwang gives her a glimpse of his eyes, it looked like she’ll jump right on him.

But Irumi, who stared at Jaehwang, grinned a little.

Jaehwang does not care about the woman in front of her eyes, as usual, he has little attention to their surrounding geography. It was a far cry from the Kwon Je, who only keeps his eyes on whether Dongcheol or his body was keeping their eyes off of their chest.

“Jaehwang, I am the site director.”

It was only after Irumi called that Jaehwang turned his head and nodded.

“Nice to meet you. Jaehwang. ”

Jaehwang’s words were cold, but Jane bowed her head with a smile on her face.

“I am honored to have you here,” she responded with a seductive voice and looks up at Jaehwang with fiery eyes.

“May I ask for your guide?”

“Huh? Yes!”

Jane attached herself to Jaehwang and explained the facilities in the base one by one.

After a while...

“You can use this building. If you need anything, please tell me and we will do it right away.”

“Thank you for your consideration.”

“of course.”

When Jaehwang passed her, Jane, who lightly saluted, turned to gaze at Jaehwang with a look of regret.

“Jaehwang. Why are you so cold? Even if you don’t want it, we still need to go for a meal.”

As Jane Cousins disappeared, Dongcheol approached him quietly. At the question of Dongcheol, Irumi was also curious about Jaehwang. Aside from him being overworked, he seemed to be distracted a little.

Jaehwang looked around at Dongcheol’s questions and shook his head. Even Kwon Je didn’t seem to know what was up.

Jaehwang opened his mouth after a while. “It’s the Dragon’s sphere of influence.”

“What?”

At the end of Jaehwang’s words, everyone shook their head in curiosity.

Suddenly, the dragon came up out of nowhere. Why do dragons emerge from here that were at least hundreds of kilometers away?

Jaehwang decided to explain it by action rather than words and closed his eyes as he started to spread his mana. Jaehwang of the past could never do this but now, it was quite easy. The Chintamani Jewel was a mana collection stone of Mother Nature, it was clear and transparent than anything else in the world.

And Jaehwang, who absorbed the jewel, could now absorb the mana around him. The limit of its influence depends on his will, might it be to God’s Realm Beyond the Human Realm...

And only Kwon Je out of the ones here could notice it.

‘There you are.”

Jaehwang manipulated the golden aura with ease.

He touched it lightly and the mana itself responded to his own aggressively. They observed it eating his own.

*electric spark*

It then began to spark, creating a sense of conflict between its golden and reddish lights. Everyone who was watching this started jumping and the emergency alarm went off at the temporary base.

After several minutes, the opponent’s golden mana stopped its attack.

-Greetings, the soldier of humans.

-Greetings, a foreign world’s god.

Jaehwang responded in his head.

-Oh, you must have known something about me already.

-I heard about you from Baeklin.

-Hmm, you know Baeklin?

-Yes, he’s a friend.

-Hohoho... are you alright?

L’s mana didn’t give out a dangerous feel, her aura died down as soon as he mentioned Baeklin.

-It would have been nice to meet you in a more peaceful circumstance.

Since his opponent was a creature that had lived a very long time, Jaehwang decided to be respectful and also, if America didn’t mess up, she won’t be fighting Jaehwang in the first place.

-Yes and the same here, if I had not made some promises with creatures of my dimension, I wouldn’t be here to restore balance now.

-Being a god sounds like a stressful job.

-Hohoho... if anything else said that, I would have destroyed them at once, but I feel a similar fragrance between you and me.

L said in rather friendly tone. just by looking at their atmosphere, they looked like they would be sharing some tea

-You have four days left, you’re attacking me already?

-Nah, I was just getting curious.

-I see.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 250: Her Situation – 2




#1

-You’re strong, even in my own world, there’s probably no one there as strong as you

L said as if she saw his footages on tv.

-I don’t know if I just ruined the sights for an Absolute of the other world

-Hoho... no, it was fun, like watching human warriors that existed in Elus a long time ago.

As the golden man’s attack ceased, Jaehwang also took away his mana.

“Right now was time for discovery anyway,” Jaehwang said. “But I have a question. Did you send that monster that appeared at the airport?”

-No, I was wondering what it was when I saw it on TV. It didn’t come from my dimension.

-I see.

-I also have a question for you.

-Tell me.

-Are there more human beings on this earth as strong as you are?

-I don’t know about that either since the others could just be hiding their strengths. It has not been long since I attained godhood.

-Ho-ho, you’re honest, a very desirable state for a transcendent being.

The dragon even advises as if she’s crushing on Jaehwang.

“But by the way, it seems that I underestimated the earth so much since strong beings like you exist.”

Surprisingly, he didn’t feel even a hint of fear in her voice. Indeed, as Baeklin said, she was an absolute figure belonging to the 12th tier. She was being so arrogant and now, Jaehwang was about to get everything that he needs.

-Are we destined to fight each other?

Jaehwang said it in a somewhat sad tone.

-Okay, since you are similar to me, you know how important it is to keep a promise. Moreover, what humans have done in El is not just a few lives. It wasn’t enough to twist the fate of beings living in Elus. They have to pay the price.

-I see.

What L was saying didn’t really make sense to Jaehwang, but gods must have their own laws they live by. L then said in a quiet voice,

-Of course, there are ways to not fight.

-What is it?

-You’re going to come over to Elus and become a god. The divinity you give off could easily erase the adverse effects of humans in Elus’ history. No. If you want, I can help you with that thing Baeklin wanted.

The eyes of Jaehwang flashed at L’s words.

-What is it?

-Aren’t you thinking about dimensional stabilization?

-Yes.

-I’ll help you. It’s a little bothersome for me too.

With her proposal, Jaehwang’s mind came into conflict.

-I heard Baeklin say that you are in the position of the bystander. Isn’t it?

-That’s right. We don’t care whether the dimensions merge or stabilize again. Really, if that happened, we would just be here to re-used the ancient magic that was sealed to keep our worlds safe. Mortals really are the cause of the destruction of the world.

-And the price is...

-You stay in Elus, how is that?

Jaehwang froze at her words. In fact, the dimensional separation method that he considered was very dangerous.

The danger was that Jaehwang will be trapped in Dark Earth. Of course, even with Goongi, his chance of survival was still pretty low but now, this dragon’s offer came into play.

-Give me time to think about this.

-Good, you have four days. I’ll just attack the humans as promised.

-Okay.

-It’s been a long time since I met another transcendent. Hohoho. See you then.

*vanish*

At the end of L’s words, the golden rays of light covering the temporary base sky were scattered.

Jaehwang’s conversation with L felt long but in reality, it was just a moment.

“Uh, she’s gone.”

Dongcheol said when the golden aura that was covering up the temporary base disappeared immediately.

*punch*

“Noob”

“Ah, why hit me!”

“Because you deserve it, damn I have nothing to say, Whoa...”

Only Kwon Je noticed it to some extent and now, he sighed, realizing that his power was now out of his reach.

“Can I hit you too?” Dongcheol clasped his fist.

“Aren’t you pushing your limits a lot lately? You’re a father now so you should be careful.”

“Oh, true.” Dongcheol clapped his hands in agreement. However, there was still a hint of rebellion in his eyes.

Jaehwang laughed as he looked at the two chatting together. The affinity between Kwon Je and Dongcheol was surprisingly good. Kwon Je was also laughing over Dongcheol’s tease which was unimaginable in the past.

He then placed his baggage down hanging over his shoulder. “I will go in first and rest.”

“Hmmm, okay.”

Kwon Je, who was struggling with Dongcheol, seemed to have something to say to Jaehwang but just nodded after seeing Jaehwang’s face. Now, it’s a matter of his own power. Only Jaehwang could be troubled... now, Kwon Je was fully realizing that his grandson was way out of his league.

#2

The room assigned to Jaehwang was luxurious enough to be called a five-star hotel but now, Jaehwang had no interest in them.

Jaehwang, who sighed low when he closed the door, looked around with his god senses and after a while, he felt safe that L’s energy was nowhere to be found.

*chhh..chh..chh*

A brilliant red light was emitted around the body of Jaehwang. It was much more intense than the one he used to confront L as it formed a film around his body. This act prevents L from peeking while hiding in the air. Jaehwang then asked.

-Did the plan succeed?

-I think so.

It wasn’t just the reason for Jaehwang’s increase in divinity that he changed his tier 9 mana stone. The real reason was to stimulate the dragon and based on the response that was derived from it, the dragon’s power was estimated. Until now, so much information about the dragon was revealed that it was stimulated to react in that way.

-And the conclusion?

-She’s very strong.

-Yes, the more we discover about her, the stronger she seemed to be. She’s arrogant too.

-Well, she’s talking as if she could defeat you easily.

Jaehwang nodded at her analysis.

At the airport, Jaehwang only exuded 30% of his real power.

That could afford him to beat two tier-9 monsters. He did all kinds of colorful shows, but they were just for show. That was, of course, expected. The information that Jaehwang was obtaining right now was very different than he thought.

-What are you going to do? When you measured up the dragon, to my knowledge, the dragon’s position was greater than you and me combined. Of course, the opponent was disconnected from the power to cross the dimension, but it’s pretty much more than the amount you have now.

-That means I cannot do the Raid alone.

-Right.

The help of others was nothing but an interruption.

Before measuring the strength of the dragon, raid prerequisites were needed. It must be the same level of divinity as Jaehwang or have a sacred force with the power to negate the deity. If one can’t fill either, they won’t even be qualified to stand by.

-I’ll do it as planned.

-As what we anticipated?

Jaehwang replied with a trembling voice.

-I can’t help it.

Jaehwang laughed bitterly. From now on, he will have to stand alone.

Of course, Jaehwang had a plan. Jaehwang had never used his entire power, to begin with. He was planning to let himself loose.

-I don’t like humans as usual. You try this hard and they don’t even know anything.

*Shhhhhh*

*flying sound*

Goongi appeared and wrapped herself around the shoulders of Jaehwang, he was now bigger than her.

“I have you. I’m good with that.”

Jaehwang raised his hand and stroked the head of Goongi.

“Oh, how dare you touch me,” Goongi said this, but it seemed like she didn’t mind it as she held a thin smile at the corner of her mouth.

“Did it make you think twice when the dragon told you that you should be a god?”

“Yes.” Jaehwang nodded. Jaehwang was not crazy about fighting, he would do his best to avoid it if he could.

“But why did you refuse?”

“Well, I don’t know either. I just felt uncomfortable? ”

Although L’s proposal was unconventional, Jaehwang felt an unknown dread behind her words.

“Uncomfortable. Well. Is it still lacking? Think about it. One clue is that L is very greedy.”

Jaehwang’s face was slightly hardened at Goongi’s remark. Goongi wanted Jaehwang to find out for himself rather than telling him the answer now. To Jaehwang, Goongi was a companion, a friend, and a senior who walked before him, and she was teaching Jaehwang in such a way that Jaehwang could come to an understanding rather than explaining everything in detail.

“A very simple problem.”

“Simple problem...”

Jaehwang closed his eyes in thought over Goongi and L’s words. How much time has passed? Jaehwang’s eyebrows came together, and he opened his eyes.

“She tried to own me.”

Goongi nodded.

“Okay, the foundation of your power is on earth. You’ll only be half as strong if you were to go with her in Elus. You won’t be able to reach her power by then.”

“Subordinate god... my foundation... my strength...” Jaehwang contemplated on the words of Goongi, something started to bother him.

“You’re a fast schoolboy. I’ll give you a prize,” Goongi whispered in the ear of the thoughtful Jaehwang.

“That ‘save’ is just mimicking god. The keywords are in the status bar.”

The word of Goongi was the catalyst. Jaehwang felt that all the thoughts that floated in his head were released one by one. Yes, the answer was in the status window. The only miracle allowed by humans to save Earth’s Defense System. The Status Window... Jaehwang could recall what was forgotten.

‘Truth’

Take out your past memories and reassemble the status window.

Master of Chintamani jewel, Sniper of the Magi, Silent Stalker...

This was the true name in the previous status window.

If this was the work of a save that mimics god...

“Then truth mimicked myths.”

The pieces of knowledge made sense one by one.

It was not broken. Why did he just notice its existence? The memories began to recombine again as if it was already prepared beforehand.

[The myth]

-Master of Goongi(S), Master of Arrow(S), The Judge(S), Master of the Martial Arts House(S)

A new text has been created in the status window. Jaehwang was empowered.

They were his own. ‘Myth’ was screaming steadily for Jaehwang to notice him, but he had no ears to hear their cry. They had no eye to see it.

Goongi then said, “It’s a side effect, well whatever, because you became a demigod with the help of the Chintamani jewel... you’ve missed out on a lot of information you needed to get.”

“It’s really amazing that I became a demigod, I’m still so clumsy.”

Jaehwang shook his head. If not for Goongi, how many years would it have taken? It might have taken decades. No, perhaps it would not even come across his mind.

“Are these four factors deserve to be considered a myth? It’s not a lot”

“This is not a lot?” Jaehwang asked Goongi. Each one of those myths had the power that could not be quantified.

Funny enough, enlightenment made him stronger than ever. He wondered if a god was such a light being.

“Of course, want to see mine?”

“Yeah.”

“Okay, just don’t be shocked.”

The confident Goongi swiped her hand in front of Jaehwang and the text appeared in front of his eyes.

[Myth]

-Protector of the west(SS) Power to Hide the Truth(SS) Four Fierce God(SS) Companion of the Archer(SS)

-Spirit of Tigers(S), Power to Slice Everything(S) Teeth that Bites Everything(A)

-Stomach that Eats Monsters(A)

-Line of Confusion(A)

...

If you consider all the small ones, she has more than twenty. By sheer numbers, what she had was way more than Jaehwang.

“Hohoho... see? It’s fabulous isn’t it?”

“It’s all great but what is Four Fierce God and Line of Confusion?” Jaehwang asked the bragging Goongi.

“Stop asking such things!”

*CHHHHHH*

Goongi who closed her myths angrily and turned her head. She seems very upset, but Jaehwang awkwardly embraced the shoulders of Goongi.

“Thank you always.”

“Huh, With only just words?” Goongi shook her head and snorted.

“If not just words...” Jaehwang hugged her in front of his chest and gazed at her.

“Well, ah... or?” Goongi’s cheeks glowed red. Even after living for thousands of years, she has butterflies in her stomach.

A pink air, which grew quietly from Goongi, wrapped the two. It was the energy that represents her feelings.

Looking at her face, Jaehwang whispered, “I will be as strong as possible so that I can be with you for a long time to come. I will work hard.”

“...”

“...”

“That’s it?”

“Hmm? What else do you need?”

At Jaehwang’s response, Goongi’s eyes tremble. Because of happiness? No, from disappointment and now her eyes burned with anger.

“You jerk!!....GRRRRRRR” Her forehead popped a vein as she grabbed his neck.

“AGHH!” The embarrassed Jaehwang collapsed, screaming at the unexpected surprise attack.

“I’m going to kill you! Die! Die! Be my food! You dumbass!”

“It hurts!”

“Yeah, I want it to hurt!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 251: The one who opposes – 1




#1

4 days went by quickly.

Meanwhile, the Pheonix Raid and the Berserker Raid arrived.

The first Nevada defensive base, where Jaehwang was located, was the most important location for the battle.

From above, it was judged to have the most intense battle in this raid.

However, Empress did not participate in the raid. The reason for the dragon’s entry into the earth was the United States, so Empress’ participation in the raid was not allowed by her country. The Norwegian Berserk raids joined because they were stubborn.

The number of the hunters that participated in this was 20,000 4 stars and below, 3,000 5 stars, and 300 hunters belonging to 6 and 7 stars. The number of those deployed at the 1st Nevada base was 4,000. It was the largest raid to ever be conducted in history.

If the monsters proceed as Dragon said, aside from American pride, it would cause millions of deaths and refugees. Earth’s own monster’s defense front could also be in danger.

Hunters arrive one after another, and they did not hide their anxiety. They were hunters mobilized by forced conscription, not voluntary participation.

For some reason, the United States did not issue a conscription order but as the city is a state, they took out a strong force.

The dragon, which destroyed the mega-city of Las Vegas in just one day and generated a large number of vegetative humans through a live broadcast was already regarded as a divine being.

It was mobilized as the war with god.

With anxious eyes, the hunters were looking to the east of Las Vegas.

#2

“Ha...how...” Kwon Je opened his mouth in disbelief.

He raised his skills through a steady raid, but Jaehwang was still much higher. It was now at a place that he could not dare to look at.

Kwon Je was also a strong man who reached the end of an eight-star.

Previously, Kwon Je thought that he would be able to reach Jaehwang’s level someday but during that short time, his grandson’s power jumped out to a different plane.

Jaehwang surprisingly went along well with Kwon Je. All three were known to be tankers based on melee and rough combat. They teased each other, laughed, and got drunk since daylight.

The fear of the dragon escaped them.

Irumi changed to a more exposed piece of clothing than she had before, and Thor began to chase her as a result.

Before, he expressed his explicit interest in Irumi, but Irumi was also one of the unmovable. Instead of simply refusing, she expressed his feelings actively.

“Why are you following me?”

“We’ll have a cup of tea together.”

“I am busy.”

“Can I help you?”

“No need.”

“No, don’t ...”

Whoo!

POWWW

“Wow!”

Irumi’s Cran Dragonblade bundles around Thor’s neck, which made a stream of sweat run down his forehead.

Sensing anger in Irumi’s eyes, he swallowed his saliva.

“I would only warn you once.”

*gulp*

Can this be simply a warning?

The humvee, that was behind Thor, was divided by diagonal lines. It was cut so neatly that it didn’t collapse and retained its shape.

“No, I just want to be friendly...”

“I’m not interested.”

*crack... Kukukung...*

The humvee finally crumbled down.

Thor looked behind him and stepped back.

Humvee, who wore giant monster gloves, crumbled down without even him noticing what happened.

“Guess I’ll go.”

“Yes, yes,” Thor said in a trembling voice as Irumi turned around. Of course, what he said was not what Irumi wanted.

“She’s so my type”

And the Berserker raid members, who had been hiding behind the building and looking over there, spits on the floor and exchanged their bets.

“I knew it wouldn’t work. What a crazy dude ”

#3

On the third night, a box was delivered to Jaehwang’s attention.

The sender was invincible. Pressing the button next to it, which looks like a coffin, opened the lid with a push.

“This is a piece of equipment made by all the craftsmen day and night after the Dragon Raid was decided.” The agent came with the armor. Jaehwang nodded, it was he who ordered it.

A set of full-scale scale armor that emits a subtle red luster. The scales were carefully attached to each scale with only two fingers, covering his figure completely from head to toe except his eyes.

“I made the leather out of the strongest part of the body of the Ogamushi by compressing it. Lee Jung-chul’s master said that it will withstand the dragon’s breath more than once. Unfortunately, we didn’t surpass the superior ratings because of our lack of know-how about 10-tier monster by-products.”

Jaehwang nodded again. That was to be expected. At the state of lack of expertise, he did not expect such luck to receive a product like that.

[Dragon Killer Set]-Superior level

Material: Ogamushi Leather (compression skill application)

Champion’s Breastplate

Champion’s Helm

Dragonslayer’s Cape

Champion’s Pauldrons

Dragon-Slayer’s Breastplate

Vampire’s Vambraces

Champion’s Pants

Dragon’s Shoes

[Set Item ‘Dragon Killer Set’ is complete] -Item Superior Set (8/8)

[Set Effect]

[Flame property defense rate increased by 50%]

[50% chance of defending against an attack.]

[Self-repair]

it was probably the most expensive piece of equipment in the item.

The most important thing in an item option was its material. It was made by compressing the strongest part of 10th tier monsters.

Inspired by the dragon’s immense physical prowess and breath as its most intimidating weapon, it has fire properties, defense, and self-repair.

‘The Dragon will feel a little bad when he sees the name of this armor.’

Jaehwang thought to himself and told the agent, “Good, go out first.”

“Yessir!”

They saluted him before going out.

He didn’t have to let them out, but because the person he was trying to call was pretty offended, it could cause trouble.

“Goongi”

When Jaehwang called her, Goongi came beside him, still pouting. “Why?”

“Please.”

“Hmph! Hmph hmph hmphhhh!!!” She made a weird huffing noise and tried to turn back into a red mist, but she could not. Jaehwang grabbed her shoulder and pulled her right back to him.

“What are you trying to...”

“My honest expression...”

“Huhhh?”

She gasped and suddenly, the shadow of the two became one. Goongi’s hands soon embraced Jaehwang’s neck.

*slurp*

They continued to kiss roughly and deeply. Jaehwang’s eyes trembles slightly. Then, noticing the saliva between his lips and Goongi’s, his cheeks flushed.

“Oi, my Jaehwang kisses well too”

“Sh-shush.”

“Huh, did you just stutter?”

The rarest thing to witness about Jaehwang was to see him surprised, and the second was to see him stutter. Goongi saw him surprised few times but stuttering because of it, it was her first time seeing him like this for Goongi.

“Hohoho, come here”

“We need to eat some dessert, let’s advance a little.”

“Agh!”

Their shadows became one again.

#4

Goongi savored the taste in her mouth and laid calmly with satisfaction.

Jaehwang, who was beside her, fixed his clothes. Goongi tried hard to leave kiss marks on him, but the reddish marks disappeared as soon as they were made. Goongi did not give up and kept biting him so there are numerous teeth marks around his neck and chest, especially around Jaehwang’s shoulder. She bit him extra hard to the point that it looked like it might leave a scar.

“Do you really have to be like this?”

“Yes. I’m marking my territory.”

“Arg... marking territory.” Jaehwang shook his head and closed his shirt buttons. If he ever gets these marks caught by Dongcheol or Kwon Je, he would be teased for days.

“Now please do it for me”

“Okay~”

Goongi whistled as she placed her hand on the scale armor.

Soon, her hand shone in red with the light spreading through its surface. The red light transformed into thousands of small text and started marking the armor right before it dissolved.

“Haa... this is hard.” Goongi took her hands away from the armor and exaggerated her fatigue. She then took out a 9-tier mana stone in her hand.

“Can I eat one?”

“Sure.”

Although Goongi had recovered her heyday form and did not need extra mana, she always made excuses to eat more 9-tier mana stones.

*gulp*

Having lost count of how many mana stones went into Goongi’s stomach, Jaehwang checked the options on the armor.

[Army Protected-Dragonslayer Set]-Artifact Superior

Material: Ogamushi leather (compression skill application)

Champion’s Breastplate

Champion’s Helm

Dragonslayer’s Cape

Champion’s Pauldrons

Dragonslayer’s Breastplate

Vampire’s Vambraces

Champion’s Pants

Dragon’s Shoes

[Artifact Set Item ‘Dragon Killer Set’] -Artifact

Superior Set (8/8)

[Set Effect]

[20% increase in damage from the Palace]

[20% increase in Mana Recovery from the Guardian]

[20% increase in Mana]

[70% Property Defense]

[50% chance of defending against attacks]

[Self-repair]

“I think the physique and the abilities attached are similar?”

“Because it was influenced by my myth.”

“I see.”

“How was it?”

“Really good.”

It was definitely the best artifact he had ever seen.

The only comparable thing would be a celestial bow, a celestial bomb, or a dragon sword. In addition, the property defense ability, which was limited to fire, was extended to all properties.

Artifacts are those that have achieved a certain level of spirituality through the hands of heroes for a long time. If spirituality was possible, was it divine? Of course, it was possible. It’s just that there had never been a person who had the godhood to participate in the creation of such artifacts.

Basically, not everyone could make it.

It was Goongi who told him as his senior. If one were to forcefully try to inject god’s power into it, it would only last temporarily.

That was why he asked Goongi, although they got sidetracked...

“Now, it’s ready.”

#5

The fourth day came.

Goongi helped with him putting on the Dragonslayer’s Scale Armor.

Goongi, who kissed Jaehwang’s lips before putting on him the helmet, smiled.

“Goddess’s Protection”

“Pff...”

Since they had the same body, that act of hers became more like an excuse.

But that was enough, the woman standing in front of him was a companion, helper, and a reliable partner. Jaehwang was always with her care just by being with her.

“Together...”

“Yeah... together.”

The lips of the two overlapped again.

After a while, Jaehwang opened the door and stepped out.

And...

“Come out.”

“Archer...”

Jaehwang could see them. It’s not bright yet, so they are lined up from the entrance of the building to the place of Atlas through the darkness. There, he saw hundreds of determined eyes.

Jaehwang walked silently, and at about a half the way... someone shouted,

“For the sake of humanity!”

With that, everyone raised their fist into the sky.

“For the sake of humanity!”

“For the sake of humanity!”

“Let’s save humanity!”

Their harsh shouts rang throughout the base.

“Let’s save humanity!”

Listening to their cry, Jaehwang silently walked towards Atlas.

And when he stood at the huge gate of Atlas, Jaehwang also silently stretched his fist into the sky.

“For humanity!”

At the same time, everyone shouted with a sound, with a footstep that seemed to vibrate heaven and earth.

This was a ritual for those who were headed to the battlefield at the time of the Great Convergence. Now, it’s their ritual for a lone hero who would go alone to raid a dragon whose strength can’t be measured.

Kwon Je pressed on his chest, which was unusually hot, and stared at his grandson.

The tears in his eyes made Jaehwang’s back look blurry. His appearance then overlapped with that of someone who died in order to save them.

“Brother...”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 252: The one who opposes – 2




#1

Kuuuuuuuu...

Atlas, flying at 420 kilometers per hour through the early morning sky, was equipped with three informational agents from the militia to support Jaehwang.

Carrying the strongest hunters to determine the battle for dragons, they were busy interpreting and integrating the information from the command in real-time while maintaining tension.

But the heart of the party, Jaehwang, was rather incredibly calm.

‘The design is over.’

Jaehwang began designing before entering the raid and when it is completed, the battle begins. The plans that he designed this way never failed him.

But this time, it was completely different from the ones he had raided before.

The Dragon did not properly reveal its abilities. Dozens of hundreds of variables could occur and they would have no way of knowing it until it happened.

That’s why Jaehwang was a solo damage dealer since the early days of his awakening.

Fighting a battle without knowing about what the enemy could do was risky. His only option was to prevent it from happening and his only viable option was to end the raid as soon as possible.

‘In that sense...’

This time, from the very beginning, he needs to do his best to kill the dragon.

Some had said that dragons could simulate all the possible futures on their minds. Following this, Jaehwang closed his eyes and began to focus. He assumed all the possible outcomes of their battles, accounting for every situation where their fight turned for the worst. How much time has passed? Jaehwang ended up opening his eyes with a deep sigh.

-What is our probability of winning?

-49% or 99%

Quite extreme.

-You’re saying it’s either-or, isn’t that too pessimistic?

-It might sound like an excuse but there is no other way. There are way too many factors we don’t know yet.

-You are too pessimistic, a battle is about confidence, isn’t it?!

-I am realistic, a battle is all about the design. It’s not my style to just go full force. I believe that this is the right way to go.

-Hmph, can’t argue with that.

The impulsive and moody Goongi and the thoroughly computational Jaehwang had no choice but to fight. However, the reason why Goongi holds a white flag here was that as a result, Jaehwang was undefeated so far.

The only thing that they have with them is their confidence that they could win.

On the other hand, Jaehwang said pessimistically, “I’m nervous about it. That’s why... this time, I decided to take a slightly anomalous and mean method to take her down.”

-Well, you have one shot.

-It’s alright, it’s not like we could help it.

#2

The Atlas quietly flew over the endless dry wasteland.

An information agent who was watching the monitor for a long time shouted with his eyes wide open. “Orders just came from command. Current time, 8:50, capture the organized movement of monsters! A human female that was assumed to be the dragon has been identified.”

“The number of monsters identified by satellites and drones is between 60,000 and 80,000. Most of them are Tier 3 monsters, but there are also a lot of high-level monsters above Tier 5.”

Jaehwang shook his head.

“Is there a difference of 20,000?”

“The number of monsters in the underground is fluid.”

Jaehwang nodded at his explanation. The key to stopping this raid was the monster that was hiding in the basement. They were not so good for Jaehwang, he cannot hit an enemy hiding underground.

“The monsters are starting to gather!”

Three-dimensional maps came to mind on a huge screen on the ceiling. Red dot... or red waves were constantly gathering in one place. Not only that. New red spots began to appear.

“The underground monsters began to surface. Their numbers were more than what we expected!”

“Tier-9 Hellworm! Appeared! Oh! Two! Two! Ask for a code grant to get us some help!”

The appearance of two tier-9 monsters broke the agent’s complexion.

Nine tier monsters now and in the past was a symbol of fear. The Hellworm was a monster that had not been raided so far. It was a type of monster that likes to burrow deeper underground, only surfacing to eat before hiding back to its territory once again.

Of course, the reason for them to not actively consider raiding it was that the fact that the Hellworm’s territory was responsible for controlling the population of monsters in the desert.

“Power and poetry.”

Jaehwang knew L was playing around.

No, she was a joke dressed as a human disaster. What’s even more frightening was that her limit was still obscured from their view. The Dragon concluded that she could do so much more and that’s why they were doing their best to stop her here.

“I entered the Mojave Desert.”

The landscape of Jaehwang’s outward view was not much different but the eyes of local intelligence agents who knew this place were getting pale.

“I don’t see any monsters.”

Always one or two groups of monsters were swarming around but at this moment, none of those monsters was visible.

On the horizon, they saw the tallest building in Las Vegas. The city was still a long way from the considerable highlands, and Atlas had no choice but the start flying in place.

That’s when they realized that they could not even see the sands. The area around Las Vegas was now crawling with monsters.

That was it. They soon detected some Tier 5 aerial monsters coming in and if they went all in at them, Atlas would be scrambled as if it was a piece of junk.

“Get out of here.”

“Yes... Sir... sorry. ”

The captain’s face in fear co-exists with relief and sorry at the end of Jaehwang.

“Vooooooo...”

Atlas slowly began its descent.

When Atlas stopped about 20 meters above the ground, Jaehwang opened the helicopter door and jumped out.

“Tatak...”

Atlas soared back into the air as soon as Jaehwang landed, leaving him alone as it disappeared over the horizon.

“Whooooosh....”

The sweltering heat of the wind came through the gaps of his armor.

Fast defense prevents only those effects based on magical energy, which was a tremendous amount to Jaehwang who blocked his face with a full-faced helmet.

“Clack....clack...”

After the helmet was released, Jaehwang began to walk slowly, holding it with his hand. It took him quite a while but he finally arrived where those monsters were.

“Krrrrrr...”

“Krrrr...”

Monsters threw wild lives mixed with fierce hostility towards Jaehwang. He felt by instinct that he was not in the same circle as the dragon.

The monsters did not fly to Jaehwang, rather, they slowly began to withdraw, paving a way for him to walk through.

Jaehwang walked silently, with the monsters holding off their urges to jump at him and tear him off with the Dragon’s order.

“These monster’s stink.”

The road to the dragon was quite long and he was sure that those who were watching him were feeling the same way.

Jaehwang, however, walked silently without any complaint.

#3

L could be seen sitting on the top of the Hellworm’s head, gazing at him with the number of monsters at her side that would be enough to make an ordinary person die from a heart attack or make him/her beg for her mercy.

Jaehwang looked up and faced L.

Her eyes look so bad. Jaehwang didn’t have to answer her offer. If Jaehwang had decided to become L’s god, as she said, he would not have had to walk this way. There was a more comfortable way for those who have the Godhood.

L first opened her mouth.

“Why?”

It was a question that was eating her mind.

For that though, Jaehwang had prepared himself an answer.

“Elus doesn’t have internet.”

“...”

Too funny for an answer... If someone heard Jaehwang’s answer, he/she would ask if he was crazy. What a demigod, he had a physical body with a divinity that could reach the heavens but he was being held down by the internet. His reason was cheap, L didn’t even know if she should laugh or be angry.

Jaehwang did not respond as she pleased.

This was the best answer he obtained by seriously asking one of the same wives in a similar situation as L.

What’s the biggest problem with a life of thousands of years? It would be boring.

Learning a certain skill or satisfying curiosity through books was also limited. L was very closed to the movement of information, it was as if she was still stuck in the middle ages.

For such immortals, the sea of ??information, the Internet, was like a new world. It doesn’t matter if the information that goes there was true or false. It was a great temptation for her to be able to exchange information with tens of thousands of people without the distance weighing her down.

it was something that humans did that cannot be made with magic.

L nodded affirmed whether her expectations were correct. “Yeah, that’s right.”

It was only made possible with wires going through the gate but once his plan goes through, everything would disappear.

Why is the Internet so loved? It was because of the endless variety of information that tens of millions of people produce.

In short, the Internet is not the Internet.

“Amazingly funny, but unfortunately I can’t argue with you.”

In the midst of civilization, he was able to taste and play with his SNS account recently.

Jaehwang had just understood a dragon.

“I’m hoping that as a human being... please leave. Never again will the Earth intervene in L’s history. I will give you everything you want, and every human on this earth will welcome you,” Jaehwang said.

But L shook her head with a bitter expression. “Can not help it.”

The monsters’ eyes began to change as soon as she changed her mind.

“Sorry.”

Jaehwang also pulled out the arch on his right hand.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 253: Martial Arts Destruction! – 1




#1

It was at this moment when he brought in his arrow from the rain palace.

“Break it up.”

“Woojijik ...”

With the crumbling of the dry wood, the right hand of Jaehwang returned to his will.

“Kpppf!”

Tuuungggg ...

The arrows were cut off.

So far, it has never been broken. When the arches were broken, the rainbow was reversed, but the problem was not that.

There was no time to scream. Jaehwang’s body crumpled like a piece of rag and floated into the air.

“PABABABABAbak!”

At the same time, a translucent ray of light flew violently and pounded his whole body.

The light stream continued to fly Jaehwang’s body into the air. Reaching for Jaehwang, L was like an orchestra conductor.

Her hand was stirred quickly. “Infinite rays of death.”

A transparent icosahedron formed around the body of Jaehwang. Jaehwang, who was trapped in it seems to float in zero gravity space.

From L’s palm, a ray of light was created. It disappeared at the moment and flashed towards Jaehwang’s body. Not once, but he bounced dozens of times a second inside the polyhedron, hitting his body in a row.

“Pow...pow... powwowowowowowowow!!”

“Kppffff!!!!”

Whenever he was hit by the rays, Jaehwang’s body rolled violently in the polyhedron. After getting hit hundreds of times, the polyhedron disappeared and Jaehwang’s body falls free, but L’s full-fledged attack had not yet begun.

“Gravity Concentration”

“Tuuuuung!”

He sent him to the ground faster than he was free falling.

“Kwaaang!”

Where Jaehwang was inserted, a small crater was created. No, it was not the end of her attacks either.

“Wooodoodoodoo”

“Kppfff ...”

He tried to lift his arm, but he can’t move. Jaehwang felt nearly 100 times of normal gravity in his whole body. His blood flowed back and he’s been sweating out of his pores.

“Killing of Thunder”

“bang! bang!! bang! kowkow!!”

It’s called lightning in the dry sky. From a clear sky, a thick thunder stalk came where Jaehwang was. Every time he was beaten by a thunderbolt, the body of Jaehwang was lodged in the ground.

This was a brutal attack.

“Anti-gravity”

Jaehwang’s that dropped like a log soared into the air once more.

L’s hand was stretched and it looked like she was grabbing something in the air. At the same time, Jaehwang’s body stopped in the air. It was shaped like it was being held by an invisible hand.

“Hohohohoho!”

“Bang! Bang! Bang!”

Every time L’s fist hits the air, the body of Jaehwang, struck by an invisible hand, dove towards the floor.

Once... twice... three times... four times...

The armor that was supposed to protect Jaehwang was torn off and his blood went on a rampage throughout his body.

“Wimp.”

L whipped her hand and as a result, the limbs of Jaehwang who lost their strength began to wiggle.

L, who looked around like a child who broke a doll, opened her hand with a light smile on her mouth to see if she liked her work.

Jaehwang, who fell on the floor wriggled by pain. It was acceptable to be alive. His wickedly broken right arm was back behind his waist as his blood drips on the ground.

“You’re boring.”

L shook off her hand as she shouted with her loud voice devoid of emotions. She sat down on Hellworm’s head. All of this was accomplished in just one minute.

“You humans are so funny.”

“...”

Can Jaehwang hear her?

If there was someone beside him now, he will be doing his best to retake his breath that was about to be cut off.

She monologued as if Jaehwang, not minding if he could even listen to her.

“I was talking about you and me all day about your weaknesses. Some guys kindly broadcasted me how to attack you. The strength of the distance has been eliminated, so the attacks will probably focus on speed and stealth from close range. In the meantime, you would probably have an unusually long-range blow with rail guns and satellite weapons.”

“Or they might take guerrilla warfare. Is it possible if the United States has aviation power?”

“Woojijik...”

“Kppffff ...”

The right leg of Jaehwang was broken like a toy.

“Your weakness is this. You’re dependent on your bow, so it’s natural for me to go for your arms. Your speed and stealth skills could be easily countered with me just lifting you up in the air. I can simply twist your neck right now. After all, human beings are...”

L shook her head. She has been learning about humans for two months and there, she learned that man was incapable of salvation.

“kppfff...cough...woooaa...pant..pant...”

Jaehwang, who shook his mouth to say something, spewed blood mixed with flesh from his mouth. His internal organs were severely damaged. Jaehwang, who gasped for breath and barely raised his upper body, looked around with a dazed eye. The helmet was already half smashed and rattled. Only the arrow was held in the left hand without missing the dragon.

“Tatak...”

L sat on the ground with a light step.

She looked down at Jaehwang with her dark eyes.

“I never gave anyone two chances.”

“...”

“But you are different. You are special. You don’t have to keep those humans.”

Her hand stroked Jaehwang’s cheek.

“I have no intention of diminishing your noble sacrifice, champion. I do not want to defile the pure soul of a warrior such as yours.”

L removed the headset from Jaehwang’s ear and crumples it.

Then, she whispered in his ear. “If you would just nod your head now, I will restore you to your original state. Not only that, but I would also do what I promised before. If you want to, I can help you take your loved ones to L. It’s the Internet. Well, I liked it, so whether it’s a hundred years or a thousand years, I’ll bring about an industrial revolution. What do you think?”

For her, it was a very big step.

She does not speak lies. There were no two chances for her. L reigns as a good god, but her punishments have been feared by all her races.

This was a special chance only for Jaehwang, L really wanted to own him.

Jaehwang was a warrior of humans who existed in ancient times before she was born. Champions were human beings but not “human beings”. The transcendent will was given to those who have broken the shell of the body.

Sublime beings in that one...

*Panting...*

“Having a hard time talking?”

At L’s question, Jaehwang scoffed and shook his head. It was quite an attractive offer. If his lover was not a jealous freak of a god, he might have actually considered it.

“I do like... your offer...”

“And?”

“But I think that there’s a very jealous lady I know... huff huff... I don’t think she’ll let me.”

“?”

In response to Jaehwang, L’s face was crumpled. This was not the answer she wanted. Was he just comparing her will to the biological love of man? But before she opened her mouth, Jaehwang continued,

“And...”

“And?”

“The fight is not over yet.” Jaehwang squeezed the arch of the left hand and poured it into his heart.

‘Summon Reunion ‘

“Kukukung”

A dazzling white light burst out of the sky and in response, it let out a grand sound.

Feeling the energy that flowed from the rain palace, Jaehwang awoke his myth.

‘Master of Mythology of Martial Arts House’

“Shshshshshsh....”

Tearing the sky, the light began to fall.

Not one or two. not even twenty.

One... two... ten... one hundred... two hundred...

Hundreds of rays fall off. Those that touched the ground soon began to take shape.

The black leather armor, the black helm, the black wind... the huge arch of the hand... and the number reached 300.

Some of them were also unusual. It was not a double-athlete of the Squadron. Dressed in royal-colored armor, embroidered with golden clouds, their waists were worn with engraved roofs of bows and arrows along with the heroes embroidered on their heads. Their age ranges from the early fifties to the late sixties, and all of them wore the same weapon as Jaehwang.

“I have to start.”

It’s nice to meet them through time and space, but they’re not here to greet him.

It was summoned under the command of the owner of the martial law. There was only one thing that comes to their minds now.

“Destroy the enemy.”

“Papapot! Papat! Papapot!”

They already have a round circle around Emperor and L. The roaring voice of the old man rang out.

“Martial Arts Destruction! Go!”

#2

“Kwaaaaaaaaa!!!”

“Papapapapapapapa!!”

“Kagagagagagaga!!!”

The only thing visible was the afterglow that moves white-like, and the only thing that was heard was the afterimage of the bursting sound like a shower. As far as 340 people were moving, and it only appears as one blue round circle. Every time a massive 100-meter diameter wind sphere around L rotates violently, a creepy burst of sound pops out.

“Well done!”

As if escorting L, elusive monsters jumped insanely toward the sphere to save the master, but...

“Clara Rock!”

They would be turned to blood the moment they come in contact with the blue circle.

Monsters below tier-seven would not even leave a mark while those above it was smashed to pieces before disappearing in a few seconds.

But monsters rushed on and on as if not afraid of death. One could see them moving in like a tsunami.

“Kagagaga! Kaga!”

“Martial Arts Destruction! Bloodstorm!”

Powerful winds began to blow around the circle. It was soon transformed into a single enthusiasm. No, it was a typhoon that sucked and swallowed everything. The monsters rushed in as if the wind resists but rather, it was being swallowed up more quickly. Sands that have been flooded with the monsters’ blood rose to become a typhoon penetrating the sky and in a fiery blue hemisphere, there was a golden sphere confronting it.

The golden sphere was repeating its expansion and contraction as if it were a struggle. The blue hemisphere struck as if it would eat a golden sphere right now, but the golden hemisphere was tolerant of all its attacks.

It was then...

Kururu ...

The ground trembled, and a radius of 50 meters slumped down. There, it appeared.

“Well, you’re ok!”

The Hellworm soared and dug its way into the blue hemisphere.

Its purpose was to swallow the golden sphere and to protect the master with his own body. But the blue spheres were not so green.

300 martial artists shouted at the same time.

“The arrow of the expulsive gangbang of explosive martial arts!”

Another blue sphere was created inside the blue sphere and began to rotate in reverse.

Then, the Hellworm’s mouth, trying to swallow the golden sphere, stopped as if it had stopped for some time and...

“Guwaguaguawa!”

Hundreds of arrows were inserted into Hell’s head like hedgehogs, and after a while, they exploded in unison.

“Kwawa... Guangwang!”

“Gou ...”

Hellworm shook his half-tipped head because of the explosion before he fell. It was too vain for the appearance of the tier-9 superlatives.

“Weeeeeeee...”

But Hellworm’s death was not in vain. At that moment, the attack weakened for a while and the golden sphere quickly began to expand. Later, the blue sphere pushes back again with all its power but as time passes, the golden sphere was called to its size by encroaching on the blue metal spheres. Its appearance resembles a roaring dragon.

“Huh, the power is beyond your imagination.”

Forty new types emerged from the blue hemisphere.

“Go seven generations. If you can’t do this, you won’t be able to face your descendants.”

“Well. Is it 23 generations? okay. I couldn’t even think of it because I took my wheeze and realized it like this, tsk.”

The old man clicked his tongue with a look of dismay.

It was then.

A majestic old man stood between them.

“You can’t.”

With one head larger than the others, as he reached for the golden sphere, the white energy from his hand grabbed the golden sphere.

All of them bowed to the old man.

“It’s my honor to meet you.”

He was the first caliber of California in the first place. With the beginning of Seongsan, he was a giant among the martial arts giants in Baekdu.

“There is no time to be polite. We don’t even have it right now!”

“Yes!”

“Papat... Papapot!”

Blue lightning began to emanate from the rain palace in his hand. Along with him, the same blue lightning also occurred in the rain palace in the hands of forty Californians.

The wriggling golden spheres attacked them by spewing hundreds of golden tentacles as if they could not see this attack alone. The moment the golden sphere tore the blue hemisphere and tries to attack them...

The mouth of Cheon Hui, the first of the martial arts, opened.

“Arrow of the punishment of the gods!”

“Arrow of the punishment of the gods!”

At the same time, 40 people protested in unison and a bunch of blue lightning from the horoscopes were shot out at the golden sphere.

“Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwak!”

Explosion that occurred with the intense collision of light that seems to be blinding... and the shockwave generated from the explosion torn off the monsters everywhere.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 254: Jaehwang’s Counterattack -1




#1

-If you didn’t stop it, I would’ve ripped off that bitch.

-Come on, it’s still the outpost.

Jaehwang grabbed his right arm with his left hand.

It was hard to lose a life but when you think about it, the harvest was not a loss of business.

Wood... well...

The arm returned to its original form with a gnarled bone twist.

Red mana frosted on the left hand of Jaehwang and after a while, the function began to return to his right arm.

This was similar to the ability to play fast.

Of course, it’s similar, but it’s completely different. He’s not used to the energy yet, it could only be used as self-healing, but his recovery was so much better than before. It was like he’s copypasting parts.

-Good.

-What is good? You almost died.

-I’m not dying.

Goongi shouted in an angry voice. Although he was warned not to stand in advance, he endured the character of Goongi.

-OK?

-Blocking the pain helped me out a lot.

In fact, her being not sick was a lie.

She’s terribly sick, the dragon was much crueler and stronger than he thought, but the only time to test the dragon was only then.

One way to approach the dragon does not mean...

You could approach it after hiding. This method, however, was a problem that cannot be assured of success. As the dragon said, the world knows about Jaehwang’s stealth ability. Indeed, remaining in stealth among that crowd of monsters was difficult.

There was no guarantee that one will be caught, but there was no guarantee that one will not be caught either.

-Would you have caught it now?

-Of course. You would have known that you were totally deceived.

That was why Jaehwang did not prevent the leak of information. It was to let himself be misjudged...

Now, it’s their time to fight at full force.

-You’ll be bitter inside.

-Okay, that cunning year...

-Oh, I have a curious question.

-What?

-Is there a way that the dragon will not keep my promise?

-Are you talking about the pledge?

-Yeah.

-Of course, Gods can be crooks too.

-A trickster?

-Okay, even I make some loopholes for my promises.

-Can it be between a God and a God?

Jaehwang frowned. L’s favor was judged to be true, but he was tricking himself according to Goongi’s words.

It was a promise using human language. The language of the gods’ blocks such things in principle, so there was no loophole. Rather, it’s the language of the gods that was created to eliminate the loophole.

-Should I learn it?

-Hmm. It’s actually a language... no wait, it’s not just a language but a collection of wills to send and receive large amounts of information quickly. It’s like sending a message through thousands of people at once.

-That’s similar to what insurance companies do.

It’s like playing around with succinct terms.

-By the way, it’s almost over.

He woke up at the Martial Arts Palace. The summoning that he did cause a number of things...

-I want to talk with my ancestors once but now is not the time.

-I’ll risk my life now... Um?

It was then...

Jaehwang was astonished and thanks to him, even the stealth shook.

If one were to think about a battle with a dragon in the future...

Jaehwang, however, did not care about such trivial things.

-What is it?

-This must be from the summoning of the Squadron.

Jaehwang opened the status window and looked at the items.

‘Deuteronomy: Chun Jaehwang: 100,000k / 62,000k .... 63,000k .... 64,000k

His divinity was jumping by the millions.

And...

-304% ... 307%

The power of his whole body overflowed.

ZINGGG ...

The red mana fluttered over the hand-held rain palace and the broken protest was restored. Jaehwang slowly pulled up his beaten body but then...

-I think I need to change my plan a bit. With this power ...

“You can play more loudly.”

#2

“Kuwooooo....”

Huge golden scales faltered. The dragon crouched, stretching his back and raised his body so she could see better.

A huge head with four giant horns roared into the air.

“Kuh uh uh !!!”

As the golden wings unfolded, the dazzling light hit by the sun dazzled the son-in-law. The blue energy surrounding the gold dragon was also torn by the golden clerk.

“Cruel ...”

Its giant reptile eyes looked around.

“How dare you answer my genesis in this way?”

Completely deceived...

“Thud! Thud!”

She could not stand her anger and rolled her feet.

The ground vibrated and the monsters on the ground turned afraid. The fear of the dragon planted in their DNA was triggered.

“No.”

L’s clouds stopped. She now knew that it was the time for her to end her enemy.

The tail of the reptile was unusually long.

“I’m not angry. I’m just very serious now. I never got mad when you broke my heart. I think I’ve blasphemed my pure fan feeling, but I think it’s a side effect that doesn’t convey my will right. How can you express me in human language? It’s beginning. We just need to talk more. right?”

“Kwa Kwa Kwak!”

“But before we talk, we need to make sure we have a good place to talk. It may hurt a little, but you will regret having taken this out.”

“Woy... Paaang...”

“Did you fly a couple of times?”

L’s body had already soared above the cold sky.

There was a cruel smile on the edge of her mouth as she looked around. Tens of thousands of monsters were looking at her suit.

[Go! Anger! Destroy! Annihilate humans!]

“Guo Ong!”

“Clara Rock!”

All of the monsters that were filling up beyond the horizon turned red.

At the command of their master, they began to move slowly. Now, they will spread everywhere and make humans fear L. Through that fear, she would be able to bring divinity to humans on Earth.

In fact, the idea was to extract the plus energy of awe and worship that Jaehwang was getting. It didn’t matter if what she got were fear and sadness.

She would destroy everything she wants to protect.

At that time, the dragon’s huge eyes moved toward a place. The monsters would be obviously stimulated. Perhaps she was even more afraid of her ingenious ability to catch even the smallest changes.

The dragon’s eyes were ridiculed.

“And human beings ...”

“Tzutsu... Tzutsu...”

Mana began to gather between the four horns, it was usually embodied as one golden sphere.

“Let me get out of there.”

Papapak! Papak!

The energy available in this world was rapidly decreasing, but it doesn’t matter.

“I’m going to spill this city and the land itself in this shot.”

“A breather, a silent executioner of death.”

The dragon’s two hands began to move quickly. This was magic, not her words. To use the destructive power she wants to be too much power, she chose this magic as a compromise.

‘Chaos Drive’

This was the name of the magic she was trying to use.

This spell, which uses both its attributes; mana, and power, was not an impactful name, but it’s the best attack tool for ranged attackers, except for the flame spells used by her partner, Al. Destructive power was also excellent so it takes some time to prepare.

Dozens of circles appeared around her four horns.

“Well?”

By the end of her magic preparation, L’s eyes widened.

An arrow from the ground was flying towards her.

The problem was...

It was also flying slowly towards her.

“Hou, I think I’m a little disappointed ...”

She used up all her power to use the previous powerful attack. L shook her head and flew a light intercepting magic towards it.

There was no need to cancel the magic that was prepared.

“Confusion... anger together against my enemies... your name is...”

Now, the last start-up word was the moment the magic was about to manifest.

Slowly flying in, it collided with L’s interceptor Manache in the air.

It’s like...

Not too big for a perforation...

But the results were totally different from what L thought.

“Fushun...”

Torn to hundreds, it crashed towards L at a terrible speed like never before. As if he was aiming, the funky viper will reach its target with its fangs exposed.

She felt an eerie warning about her sense of danger.

L hesitated for a while. It was too wasteful to give up the magic that was almost finished, but the warnings of the senses cannot be ignored.

Thus, she decided to complete the magic...

Believing in her own solid scales...

...But she should have exited here with all her effort.

Wrong judgment due to reason being shaken by anger...

It was accompanied by great regrets.

“PapaPapaPapaPapa!”

“Chaos Dr—”

“Aaaaah!”

She felt an exhilarating pain throughout her body. L screamed and struggled, forgetting the perfection of her magic. Something then sneaked in while she was distracted but then, she felt a sting on her wings.

It was then when she realized that her wings were torn to pieces.

“Kyaak!”

L began to dive, turning over in the air. Even though her fight was enhanced by magic, she still needed her wings!

But the attack of Jaehwang had not yet begun.

“Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa Kwa!”

Again, an arrow rose from the ground. The problem was the number of arrows taken up.

Hundreds and hundreds of arrows are flying towards her as she fell at an unprecedented speed.

“You dare!” L quickly responded to the decline.

With the shield open, she healed her wings, invoking the spirits of the wind to help her flight and prepare herself for the incoming attack.

It was possible to have a high-performance brain that cannot be imagined by humans.

But for Jaehwang, it was just a struggle.

“Phut! Papapang! PapaPapaPapa! Tss tss...”

“Kyaah!”

Her shield didn’t survive the dozens of red arrows striking a single point intensively. She couldn’t do a thing when his attacks pounded her body.

“Oh, no.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 255: Jaehwang’s Counterattack -2




#1

-Stop right there.

L paused for a while, avoiding the red arrows and making the shield at the same time as she focused on the recovery of her wings.

-Reverse.

The golden Mana has been restored to its original state after being wrapped around the two wings. The word she used now was not the magic of recovery. It literally turned back the time of the wing.

-Die. Chaos Drive

The magic she prepared was not broken.

In keeping with the name of the dragon with infinite mental power, L’s head, which succeeded in maintaining its magic even in the attack stretched out vigorously. And the golden energy between her four horns stretched to the target where the red arrows flew a while ago.

“Koooooo.... Zap...zap...”

The moment it touched the ground, it seemed to shrink for a while but then. the black energy that was soon released began to swallow up the ground. As if they were unsatisfied, they stretched out in the shape of donuts, completely ruining everything on the ground. The bodies of monsters that have come in contact with black energy were shattered and scattered.

Through the energy that decomposes all organisms into atomic units, a single person flies into the air.

-Ha!

L’s chest bulges and rises when she discovered that. As if vomiting something in her stomach, something quickly rose through her neck and near her mouth. L’s eyes shimmered brightly. She opened her mouth and followed his movements.

-Dragon Breath

“Baaaaaam!”

The scarlet rays struck all the space Jaehwang could escape. Intensive ultra-high-energy... A breath was a breath even though it was widely spread.

The distance between the two was about 400 meters, but the distance was meaningless to the dragon’s attack.

Jaehwang, who was soaring in the air was caught helplessly.

L’s breath, which was incredibly powerful that it even splits the buildings into pieces with ultra-high heat, would likely break reduce him to nothing if he got hit.

L smiles slyly... but her eyes swelled.

A mass surrounded by flames protruded through the breath. The red figure shone brightly through the flames although it was burning. As it unfolded while protecting his body, it became a giant wing. The smoke soared all over the body because he couldn’t avoid the breath entirely, but Jaehwang pulled all his power and fired an arrow.

“Pow!!!!”

“Shhhhkk”

-It’s dangerous

The red flash quickly rushed towards her. It was almost impossible to avoid.

L chose to stand by as she kept her mana in the shield.

“Boom!!”

-Ugh!

Even though he couldn’t break through the shield, it was a powerful blow that made even L nervous. After losing her center in the air and faltering for a while, L quickly became alert and succeeded in flying again by moving her wings.

But her crisis was not over yet.

L sensed that something was coming down on his body.

The moment L turned and looked behind her back, her eyes widened.

There, Jaehwang was sitting on her back with an arrow pulled.

-Get off!

Zap!

L spewed mana all over her body.

She didn’t like this inefficient way, but it was so sudden that she could not help it. The problem was that Jaehwang grasped the dragon scale and endured it.

-I said, get off!

L twisted her whole body and tried to drop Jaehwang, but even if the armor he was wearing was torn and fragmented, Jaehwang endured. The moment L stopped attacking to increase altitude, Jaehwang’s attacks began.

“Bang! Bang! Boom!”

-Awk! This is..!

The arrow of Jawhwang, with his legs firmly fixed between the dragon scales, was knocked continuously.

“Bam! Bam!”

Jaehwang smashed one dragon scale on purpose.

And then...

“Bang!!!!”

Along with the bursting sound, a scale was shattered, exposing her inner skin.

-No!!!!

As her scale, which could stand in the lava, was crushed. L was in a hurry. She had never fought this kind of enemy in her life. For her, she was absolute and the Supreme Being on the food chain so no one would hurt her scales.

But her scale was smashed.

L panicked because she was facing this situation for the first time in her life. However, whatever shock L was suffering, Jaehwang began to brutally dig into her flesh.

‘Exploding Piercing Arrow’

“Boom!

Red blood comes out like a fountain.

At the same time, the first really painful scream rang in L’s mouth.

“Akkkkkkkkk!!

2

-I was deceived!

Grinding her teeth, L murmured constantly. Everything was a lie.

Everything about him that came through the video was a lie, and even the struggle with him when she met him at the base was a deception. Realizing that all of this was Jaehwang’s plot to hunt her, L felt the goosebumps creeping over her. He was a skilled hunter.

But rising with her was the pride of a dragon.

-Let’s try this

L’s two wings folded. The giant fuselage of the dragon began to fall rapidly under the influence of gravity. L did not slow down but rather, she became faster.

“Swooooosh!”

Dropping down at an angle of almost 45 degrees to the ground, L hardened her body by focusing on her mana.

Bam! Pow! Boom!

Just before hitting the ground, L rolled her body up and rolled on the ground from the back. It might be a stupid way that might have been done in Hatching, but the effect was perfect. It took off the annoying ticks of her body. Raising from the explosive sand, L grabbed the ground firmly with four legs and glanced forward to find Jaehwang who had fallen around.

The body of Jaehwang, who fell off L’s body and flew in the air just before hitting the ground. He was not in a very good condition either.

The left arm is bent at a strange angle due to being stricken by debris.

However, Jaehwang bit his lips, bent his left arm with his right hand and set it in place.

There is no time to recover. At the same time as Jaehwang flew away, a flash of light strikes the place where he had just stood.

Light spheres come in from all directions without a break.

That was what Jaehwang once fought. Back then, he lost helplessly, but it is different now.

Even now, his divinity was steadily rising and accordingly, his power was inevitably elevating.

“Zing.”

After a quick recovery, he pulled the bow to the maximum.

‘The Arrow of the Punishment’

“Ping!”

Jaehwang, who melted the magic pearl completely and escaped the limits of a man, could now use the arrows of the punishment for an unlimited number of times. About half of it had been consumed because of the Martial Arts House Archery Team, but it had already been refilled.

“Crack!”

With the sound of the glass breaking, one side of the sphere was smashed and as Jaehwang exited through the hole, he flew arrows at all directions.

Jaehwang’s arrows seemed to have been flying randomly, but they started to fly to the dragon within a short time, waggling strangely in the air as if they had life.

‘Mana Arrow’

As a white sphere was created between L’ horns, hundreds of mana arrows flowed out of it. It’s as fast as a minigun used by humans. Furthermore, each one of them faced the flying arrows directly.

Bang! Bang!

The Mana Arrows who intercepted the arrows now rush towards him.

Screech..!

The left hand of Jaehwang, which was supported by his legs, began to move, causing afterimages and with him, his arrows also began to move unceasingly. Jaehwang continuously takes his shot. The battle of firepower between a man and a dragon... Jaehwang seemed to be pushed but unbelievably, he began to intercept each mana arrow that has been thrown at him.

-What?? How can he?!

L was shocked. Her Mana arrow was losing.

But she didn’t run away for it’s her pride as a magical flying dragon! Rather, she focused her mana through her horns and fired more mana arrows.

Bam!! Boom!!

She began to attack towards Jaehwang.

She was pushed against Jaehwang before she knew it and her eyes glowed cruelly...

It was at that moment...

Boom!!

The sand blew up below L and from it, a red arrow appeared and struck her chin.

Baaaaaam!

As soon as her head was bent up, the mana arrows that had been pouring out were scattered. The common weakness of all living things was the head, and the dragon was no different in that fact. No matter how durable they seem compared to other life forms, everyone gets hurt.

In addition, although the attack used by Jaehwang now was clumsy, it was also mixed with the energy of penetration and explosion as well as “dancing” with the energy of the new bee and the ability to induce. The use of both spirituality and mana was a difficult tactic that was only usable by someone like Goongi, but Jaehwang practiced it to the point where he could use it for a short period of time in reality.

-Krrr!!!

L screamed and shook his head violently. The arrow penetrated her lower jaw. If she didn’t use magic words to block it in the middle, the arrow would have probably been breached her skin, even reaching through her upper jaw or her brain.

-Huh!!

Jaehwang also clicked his tongue as if he was disappointed. The attack was prepared with thoughts but failed to produce satisfactory results. While he still had the upper hand in the fight against L, this was like a tightrope walk that could quickly be reversed.

To use the same deception once again for superior beings like dragons was suicidal and in the dragon’s eyes, as her body curled up to the fullest extent, the arrogance that had been seen before it was no longer visible.

-Now, we’ll really begin.

The attack had already begun.

“The Judge of the myths”

“Absolute domain.”

The myth’s identity and hemolysis technique have become one, and the absolute sphere had expanded and begun to confront the divine power that was spewing out of L’s body.

SCREECH

As soon as L’s front foot took a step forward, her body had already reached Jaehwang’s zone.

She was about 200 meters tall. For Jaehwang, the dragon’s single step was almost at the speed of teleportation.

But Jaehwang was not just watching.

Zwaaaaang!

As soon as the dust rose, it also faced Jaehwang’s body.

If the monster’s reach was long, the close race was a penalty from the perspective of the giant.

Thud!

The dragon’s huge mouth bit the space where he was.

‘Hemolysis Technique’

‘Dark Soul Cape’

Jaehwang’s hand, which evaded her mouth by causing a lingering image, had a bunch of dark and round objects pulled out of the Infinity Storage.

Ting!! Ting!!

Jaehwang, who confirmed that it bit the dragon after removing the safety pin, flew into the air with a smirk. This was a special grenade he prepared for today. It’s a special product that was ordered to make an opponent annoyed rather than kill them because he knew those common methods could not hurt the dragon.

Bam!! Baaaaam!

Krrr...

L’s eyes frowned when the grenade blew up in her mouth. However, her mouth did not show any signs of damage. Of course, what Jaehwang passed on to her mouth wasn’t just an explosive.

-Awkkk!!!!!!

-This was made by refining the venom glands of a poisonous Monoclonius.

The Poisonous glands of the tier-seven monster, Monoclonius, a specialty of the North Korean side, were famous for its poison.

The poison was so severe that even the country had made it a restricted item.

This rock-melting poison was concentrated 100 times through their latest refining technology.

But for the dragon, the effect lasted only for a little while.

L, who purified the poison that came into her mouth through a magic word, spitted them out again.

This was simply an unbelievable ability, but Jaehwang didn’t expect much about it anyway.

What Jaehwang needs were only a moment of the dragon’s inactivity.

‘Master of the Mythical Bow.’

‘Dance as you rise, the shower of the exploding river will become a storm...’

BAM!!!!

The golden dragon scale was smashed and L’s head sank into the ground.

Once again, she tried to lift her head straight, but Jaehwang’s attack continued steadily.

Pow!

Pow!!!

POWWWW!

With the victory in hand, Jaehwang drew his power and attacked L’s head.

‘The arrow of strength explodes and penetrates!’

‘Strong winds that penetrate as it dances...’

‘Explosion...’

Jaehwang, who soared into the air in reaction to the explosion, took a deep breath.

It’s time for him to make a bet.

‘Dance with the arrows of punishment, the showers of the strong!

BAAAAAAM!!

With a huge echo, a huge beam of light, which was unparalleled to this day, flew towards the head of L that buried it to the ground. The attack contains the full-hearted power of Jaehwang, which could be said to be at least 10 times more powerful than what was thrown at the time of the Ogamushi raid.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 256: Trick up one’s sleeve – 1




# 256

# trick up one’s sleeve – 1

1

*Snarl*

L staggered and stood up.

Her hair was now messed up. Normally, if it was a wound, it would have been quickly restored using a reversion, but it didn’t work well against an attack with the opponent’s divinity involved. The use of words should now be adjusted.

L’s one eye exploded, and her blood flowed down; two of her four horns were broken.

-Ha ha...

L bursts into laughter, she had never been in such a mess during her life.

She turned the one eye that she had left and looked at the place where the enemy flew.

What she last saw was her smashing Jaehwang into the rocks with her tail.

It would have been great if the fight stopped there.

-I am sick of this.

Jaehwang was staggering away from the rock.

L spreads her wings and flies into the air.

Technically, the battle on the ground was a tie between the two.

So this time, they thought about aerial combat

Although long-range attacks were said to be the strength of her opponent, there was an advantage of limiting their means of attacks if they were in the sky. Although L saw Jaehwang pull out his wings a while ago, he seems inexperienced in terms of flying.

-This is a war of attrition now

L cleared her of disrespect for humans. No, to be exact, her evaluation of human beings remains the same except for the one in front of her. L, who had planned to restore herself while furthering their distance as far as possible and cut down the strength of her opponent, soared rapidly into the sky.

-Are you running?

Jaehwang said while tearing down his crumbling armor.

-She doesn’t want to deal with you on the ground but by the way, are you okay?

Goongi asked worriedly. He was hit by the dragon’s tail and flew quite badly.

-It’s bearable.

The dragonslayer’s armor performed its role brilliantly until the end. Although it was unfortunate that it was completely broken, his weapon or armor was a disposable item anyway.

The good thing was that the wound on the dragon’s body would not heal as quickly as before. The opponent was tired as much as he was. It was time to put an end to their battle.

-Then, shall I take some advantage of the home grounds from now on?

Jaehwang pulled a new headset from the Infinity Storage and put it on his ear.

Jaehwang likes to outsmart his opponent. In this sense, the attack he was about to bring on would be quite shocking to the dragon. The time was just right.

It’s a card he would have had to use during a hot battle if he was out of luck.

-Begin phase 2.

-Roger that, I have been waiting.

2

L, who was soaring through the air, raised her altitude until Jaehwang looked like a little dot.

With this increase of distance, L would have enough time to respond even if Jaehwang shoots her with an arrow.

She started turning the mana all over her body.

-As soon as my recovery is complete, I will show hell to him.

But then...

-What is this?

She detected something dangerous.

Nothing was physically felt or caught in her senses, but the warning was getting bigger. L retrieved the mana she was using for healing and quickly began casting magic with it.

-Absolute barrier

Against physical attack, this magic was almost invincible.

-I will stop any attacks that would come here.

However, her idea was completely broken after about ten seconds. L was really embarrassed by the attack she just received.

Beep beep!

-Kyaaaaak!

Nothing was visible. She felt sudden warmth on her back and then, something hammered her body with great heat.

-Wha..what is this?

Beep!!

-Awk!

All she could figure out was that it had no substance and its direction! Unbelievably, the attack came from the top!

Beep!!!

-Kyaaaak!!!!!

The heat was concentrated on L’s head, which was then raised so she could see who was the culprit behind it.

She was confused.

-There’s a hole in the barrier!

The Absolute Barrier, which can invalidate all physical attacks, had been opened up in vain.

-That... that?!

She was having trouble seeing where that attack came from. The problem she had with it was that the attacks came from such an absurd position.

Beep!! Beep!

Beep!!

-Kyaaaak!!!!

-Ak!!!!!!

-Success!

A pleasant shout from the agent on the Atlas echoed.

What was now attacking the dragon was a laser-tipped orbiter, a U.S. space-warning weapon.

The U.S., which was wielding its power under the name of a heavenly kingdom a very long time ago before monsters appeared, launched a satellite into space. The ambitious launch of the military satellite was part of the SDI system that defends the country’s ICBMs by firing lasers from the far-flung space.

However, the satellite laser was soon erased from people’s minds by the limitations of its destructive power and the chaos in the U.S. caused by the great fusion. But recently, the satellite had finished renovating. The current government of the United States had proposed a way to dramatically increase the destructive power of lasers with the help of the emergence of new energy sources.

Their new source was the mana stone.

A fluoride hydrogen chemical laser that vibrates hydrogen and fluoride by mixing them with the weather at best — it was then replaced by the orbital satellite with hundreds of kilowatts of an ultra-high-power laser using mana stones.

-I heard that was done because of you.

-That’s right

Ironically, one of the reasons why this orbital satellite was quickly completed was the appearance of the archery masters.

The U.S., which did not want to lose its reputation as a Raid powerhouse to South Korea, tried to resolve it through cutting-edge weapons instead of producing a strong hunter.

The biomass that came out with Jean Tefman, which was criticized around the world was part of that line.

Although it failed, one of them was the Razor-Table Satellite.

Even though there was a weak point that it could only be used when it passed over certain areas, it was one of the human weapons that even dragons cannot ignore.

-Kyaaak!

Through the clouds, the dragon lands on the ground with its wings folded.

In the midst of the fall, L tried to avoid the laser by using an evasive maneuver, but the essence of the weapon used by her opponent was light, meaning, it had an inevitable speed. The laser, which was fired at super-high speed, cannot be dodged. Besides, the lasers were invisible.

If L had known the nature of this weapon, she would not have been so helpless. She could simply bend light, but even the dragon had a limit in terms of her understanding of human technology, which had evolved over hundreds of years.

Beeeeep

-Awkkkk!!

The mana stone mounted on the orbiting satellite was a whopping nine-tier mana stone.

Nine-tier Mana Stones was hard to obtain, but the U.S. had generously deployed such a secret weapon to the operation with a powerful demonstration for the honor of helping the Master Archer.

And now, Jaehwang prepared his last attack, lowering his stance as he drew his bow.

Drrrr..

Slowly pulling the bow, Jaehwang’s eyes did not miss the falling L.

Swoosh

From the body of Jaewhang, a red like haze began to erupt before gathering into the arrowhead.

Then...

Ping!!!!

With an enormous sonic boom, an arrow carrying an enormous amount of energy from the bow was fired at the falling dragon.

Swoosh...

Unfortunately, L did not identify the extraordinary energy that was soaring towards her. The unruly attacks from the sky hampered her senses along with her flight.

There was no physical blow, but it was distracting as it turned the temperature of her scales to thousands of degrees.

And this single mistake became fatal to her.

Boom!!!!

-Kyaaaaak!

L, who was descending frantically, screamed as soon as she felt an unbearable pain in her chest.

Coincidentally, the arrow was aimed at her heart where her divinity lies. The blow was fatal. The attack, which broke through the Dragon scale, made a direct blow to her heart before she was brought to the ground.

Thud!

A huge crater had sprung up.

L, who fell vertically from the high sky without any rolling, was simply appalling.

Her wings were badly wrinkled, and her limbs were broken. Her waist was also abnormally bent. The body weighing hundreds of tons was thrown down without any means of protection, and the impact was enormous. No matter how powerful a dragon was, it cannot escape from the laws of physics.

Zap..zap..

Dragon’s body began to shrink and soon became a human figure. She had no divinity left. She was forced to transform into a smaller creature to recover.

It was at that moment when L raised her hand to use it for her own recovery.

-Stop.

Ping!

Jaehwang aimed an arrow at her head.

-Kyaaaaaak!!

L tried to escape with all her might, but she failed. Jaehwang’s arrow dangled on her waist.

-Awk...!

Though the beautiful woman groaned in pain, Jaehwang, who was relentless, drew another arrow.

-You’re merciless...

At L’s words, Jaehwang spoke without letting go of the bow he was pulling.

-Is that your last words?

L looked embarrassed at Jaehwang’s answer. There was something in his attacks that prevented her from recovering.

Yet, there was still one secret card L haven’t used yet.

-Well... it could be my last word. Can I say it?

L said playfully and Jaehwang nodded.

-Al! Help me!!!!

She shouted loudly.

Wooooosh....

Her loud voice echoed through the desert wind, but the existence she called anxiously did not appear.

Jaehwang looked around the sky and said, looking down at L,

-Are you done?

-No...wait! Just wait a second. Al!!!!

Wooooosh....

There was no response.

-Let’s just end this all.

-Ugh! Why is he so late?!

-Goodbye.

-No..no!!!

Ping!

Jaehwang pulled the bow, focusing the end of the arrow on L’s head.

Crack!!

Bam!!

As the shield L made with the last of her strength was smashed by an arrow, she passed out.

-She’s taking long.

Jaehwang once again hung an arrow on the bow. This was the real ending.

It was then...

That’s when it happened above the sky.

Zing! Zing..!

It wasn’t even evening, but the sky began to turn red as if the sun was setting. After a while, the color gradually darkened and soon formed one giant shape. It was a dragon, and it had red scales.

*Snarls...*

At the advent of the Red Dragon, the atmosphere began to vibrate.

Boom!

Jaehwang quickly raised his bow, but L’s body was already gone. It was over the Red Dragon’s head before he knew it. The eyes of Red Dragon called Al, had checked L’s being before it growled.

Jaehwang clicked his tongue and lifted his head to look at his new enemy.

Jaehwang’s body was now almost at its limit. This was the aftereffects of the last attack that he shot at L. The problem was that a new slugger had emerged.

It was the worst situation that he imagined happening.

Baeklin said once in the past that there were two dragons in Elus.

The belly of Red Dragon bulged and rose.

Needless to say, it was preparing for an attack.

-This is exhausting.

Jaehwang tore off the gloves of the dragonslayer’s armor. He needed to make himself as light as possible.

Swoosh!

Jaehwang jumped into the air and a moment later, red wings came out from his back. He approached the Red Dragon at a rapid pace.

Looking at Jaehwang flying towards him, the eyes of the Red Dragon were filled with ridicule.

The preparations for the Flame Breath was finished, but Al decided to wait a little bit.

He was weaker than she was, but he had inflicted a fatal injury on L. Al was trying to let him get close as possible. If L was awake, she would have shouted to at him now. It was because she was defeated by being so relaxed.

Soon Al’s mouth was about to open...

Jaehwang finally took out his secret card, which he had hidden until now.

If L could call the Red Dragon, Al, then Jaehwang also had his secret card.

It’s a secret trick that had been hidden until the very last minute.

-Go! Goongi!

-Crawwwwwww!!!!!

Something huge, comparable to what Red Dragon was about to shoot, spouted from Jaehwang’s body and flew towards the neckline of Al.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 257: Trick up one’s sleeve – 2




#1

Al’s eyes wriggled, this was because a formidable opponent appeared.

The enemy looked like Manticore, a senior Elus monster.

The difference was that there were dark brown stripes on top of its reddish fur, and there were wings on its back that looked powerful. The problem was its enormous size too.

-It’s huge.

Goongi was equal to himself – no, she actually bigger than him. A fight was not always about size, but it’s inevitable that a weight difference had some effect. What’s important right now was the size of her head. A huge mouth that was two times bigger than his own was now rushing in to bite him.

-Ha!

But Al snorted, if Goongi thinks of Al like L, she’s mistaken. If L, a gold dragon, excels in many areas, the Red Dragon, himself, was the strongest in combat.

-Die!!

Baaaaam!!

At last, an orange stream of flames gushed out of his mouth.

It’s the Red Dragon’s attack, the fire breath. Although it was the same flame line as the breath of the Gold Dragon, its power was much greater. The relationship between the two was already close.

It’s almost as if Goongi was exposed head-on to Dragon breath... however, if Al was specialized in combat, Goongi was the goddess of battle.

-Ha!

Snorting in the same sense as Al, Goongi was already spinning. It’s incredibly agile and artistic to be embodied by its enormous size. When it comes to combat experience, it was Goongi that had far more than Al, who have lived only as an absolute being in Elus. Moreover, she was not in difficulty to avoid the flame breath’s stem because of the very rudimentary mistake Al was making.

-You are stupid.

Al’s eye was turning to the place where the breath will be emitted first. It’s more stupid to know the direction was but not to avoid it and now, Goongi was on the stage where she could really do her best. The pain was like pleasure for her, who was thirsty for a battle.

-I am making my debut!

Pawwwwww!!

Goongi broke through the spouting breath. The heat of the breath had caught fire in Goongi’s hair, but it was rather fueling Goongi’s fighting spirit.

-This minor thing can’t kill me!

With Goongi’s roar...

Bamm!!!!

Ripping through the breath, Goongi continued to advance.

Al was surprised — no, even Jaehwang who summoned Goongi was surprised.

And what was more surprising was that Goongi came to the face of Al.

CRACK

Al’s long neck was snapped up. The teeth that bites everything, including tier-S myths, went deep into the dragon Scale in one attempt.

-Kyaaaak!!!!!!!

Al screamed but Goongi wasn’t even done yet.

With Al’s throat being bitten, Goongi’s body began to spin half a turn in the air. Al’s neck was being broken together at the same time she turned. Goongi flipped over and fell directly behind Al’s back. Then, she hugged Al’s neck with her two giant front paws and stuffed her claws into it.

Crack!

The red dragon-scales were ripped off as if it was the scales of a carp as his blood began to burst out like a fountain. It was the power of the claws that cut everything, including tier-S myths. In between, the hind legs of Goongi were tied to the wings of Al.

All that is left was...

-Awk!!!!!

To fall.

#2

-Huh...

Jaehwang, who was free-falling from the air after Goongi disappeared, signed as he looked at what was happening.

Even though he did not miss Al’s loopholes, he played all kinds of tricks and all kinds of games that risked his life to catch L. However, Goongi made a fight with a dragon look so easy.

Jaehwang shook his head to Goongi’s skill that handled a surprise attack.

-She’s such a good fighter, though. I think I can take care of other things.

THUD!!

The two, who fell helplessly, struck a barren desert. Of course, only Al was damaged. With Goongi on Al’s back, he had no choice but to be Goongi’s cushion.

Snarl

-Awkkk!!!

Ironically, Al had fallen to the site where L had been just a little while ago. Goongi started her the attack vigorously.

Swoosh

Goongi lifted Al, who was weighing hundreds of tons, from the pit only using the power of her teeth and neck, before she dropped Al to the other side. She turned Al to the other side to strike him into the ground again. She did this a number of times.

In the meantime, Goongi didn’t let go of the neck she was biting.

This time, not Al, but Goongi turned herself in the opposite direction, spinning into the air.

With Al being bitten in the neck as Goongi twisted her body, Al let out a continuous scream in pain of his throat breaking off.

Crack... crack...

At last, a huge handful of flesh was torn out of Al’s throat. Goongi then devoured his flesh before she stopped a moment after. She was trying to make him stop breathing.

But Al also began resisting with all his might, knowing that he had no chance of surviving if he did not resist now.

-Shield!

A red membrane was formed between Goongi and Al when Al let out his words.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

When Goongi made an eerie sound with her huge mouth with blood and flesh streaming down her neck, Al placed a look of tiredness on his face.

Kssh!!! Screech!

Every time Goongi’s claws and teeth hit the shield, a spark broke out.

Red flames rose from the horns above Al’s head, who sensed that the shield would not last long. Al was preparing for the fastest and most destructive of the magic he uses. As soon as the shield broke, Al invoked his magic...

‘Flame of Hell’

Fwaaaak!

A bright red flame ran towards Goongi. It’s no match for the Dragon Breath, this magic looked to be thousands of degrees hotter by the color of its flame.

-Krrr!!! Roarrrr!

Flames of Hell, which were flying against the roar that bursts from Goongi’s mouth was scattered.

-Kwak!!!! Grrrr...

Without a surprise, Al’s head was bitten once again. When its torn off, it would all be over.

-Krrrr!!!!

Thud! Thud!

Every time Goongi shook, Al dragged on.

After pulling and throwing him, she concentrated on hitting the ground with Al’s head.

The arrogance of Al had been long gone. All that’s left was for his body to be torn apart.

Goongi’s face glittered. She scanned Al’s entire body and soon stopped at his breast. Having grasped at once the place where the dragon’s divinity was clumped together, she sank her teeth into his chest next.

Pwaaaak!! Pow!!

The red fragments explode every time Goongi shook her jaws. Though his blood was spouting like a waterfall, the mouth of Goongi kept digging in.

-N..no!!!!

Al, realizing what he was up to, belatedly turned his head and bit Goongi on her back, but Goongi concentrated on his work as if it had nothing to do with it. Rather, she has a cruel smile on her lips. There was a fragrant smell coming from the tip of Goongi’s nose.

It’s the divine right of the gods of the earth. If Jaehwang’s Mana Stone could only make up for what she had lost, whatever that could be taken from the dragons was a better food to further enhance her divinity.

Drrr.... Pow...

Even his hard bones broke because of Goongi’s teeth. And finally, Goongi tore off the muscles that were protecting Al’s heart.

Not too long after, the huge dragon’s heart was exposed. The heart was as big as the big one.

The red flesh of the fluttering heart tempted her.

Goongi bit the Dragon’s heart without much thought.

‘The stomach that swallows mythical monsters’.

-Awkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!

Al screamed and struggled. He was being eaten, he was being absorbed.

The opponent wasn’t just after his heart. If she had, she would have just bit it and swallowed it. His power was being absorbed by his opponent. Not only his identity but also his manna and divinity were being absorbed by his opponent.

Thud...

Al’s neck, which had been absorbed even though he resisted, now lay helplessly on the ground. Goongi began to eat him with her front teeth.

Chop... chow....

She ate his flesh and swallowed his blood. Even when she first met Jaehwang, she was crazy about eating like that. A huge bite disappeared into her mouth, which was ripped out of the dragon’s delicious ribs. If no one interrupted her, she would swallow everything.

That was when Jaehwang came to the opposite side of Goongi, who was enjoying the dragon meat.

L, caught in the hair by Jaehwang, was being dragged on the ground.

-How does it taste?

-Stop talking. I’m busy.

Goongi answered him soullessly because she was busy chewing, biting and swallowing Al’s meat.

-Eat properly and get out. You can’t kill him yet.

Goongi raised her head at Jaehwang’s words. Licking her tongue and her mouth covered with dragon blood, Goongi replied in a discontented tone,

-It’s my food.

The face of Goongi was full of discontent as if she dared Jaehwang to covet the game she hunted.

-You’re mine.

-Krrr....

It’s Jaehwang’s logic that since Goongi was his, what Goongi hunted was his. Goongi, who seemed to be in conflict for a while, soon went around Al and grabbed the dragon’s neck with her front paw.

-Hey. Get up.

For using a tiger’s foot, she was quite skillful in grabbing the dragon by its collar.

When there was no answer, as if she had lost his mind, she grabbed Al’s neck and shook his head.

-Do you want to goof off again?

Thud...Thud...

Al’s head moves helplessly from side to side. It’s unclear if that’s a move that came from Goongi shaking his head or if Al really shook his head, but once she saw this, Goongi threw Al’s head on the floor and roared towards the sky.

Thud...

It was the moment when the true queen of battle revealed her presence in the world.

#3

As Goongi was licking the blood off of each and every part of her giant forefoot, Jaehwang lifted L’s head that he had in his hand and slapped her on the cheek.

-I know you’re awake.

L’s eyes opened slowly at Jaehwang’s words.

L looked defiant for a moment, but as Jaehwag glared at her, she quickly turned her eyes away. To L, Jaehwang was fearful, but she was more afraid of that monster, who was sitting behind her.

-I’d like to kill you both in my heart, but I’ll give you a chance.

-What chance?

-Join me.

Jaehwang said, but L answered him with a snort.

-Oh, how dare you take us under your wing?

-Why not?

-I’d rather die.

L had pride as a dragon. L gritted her teeth when Jaehwang said that L and Al, the absolute beings who had lived for thousands of years, should be his subordinates. But her opponent was not very merciful.

Smiling, Jaehwang turned to Goongi and shouted,

-Just eat it.

-Okay!

Goongi, refreshingly responding to Jaehwang’s shouted, snapped Al’s neck and sank her teeth against it once again.

-Ugh..!!! eek...!! Krr...

All Al, whose abdomen was badly dug up, could do was scream. Goongi tightened her teeth as if she was going to take a breath away from Al before Jaehwang’s mind changed.

Chop... Chop... chew...

Dragon scales and bones were smashed and broken, his blood had started flowing once again.

-St-stop!!

L cried out but Goongi, who didn’t listen to anything except for Jaehwang’s words, gave her teeth more strength. Al was already almost out of breath. No matter how divine a body was, if he was hit this hard, he would die.

I will!

What?

-I will join you.

Jaehwang smiled at L’s answer.

This adds two more members to Dark Earth Conquer Force.

-Goongi, Stop!

When Jaehwang shouted, Goongi, rolling her eyes, spat out Al’s neck that she was chewing.

-Hah! That just made me more hungry!

-I will set up a buffet for you at the Invincible Palace.

-Really?

-Oh yeah. I will get you Michelin chefs to fill your place

-Okay!!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 258: Request of Rothschild – 1




#1

Swoosh

L, who helped Al lose his mind, teleported away.

Jaehwang, who stared at the spot where they disappeared, breathed a long sigh as if he had lost his strength.

-Phew...

It was the most difficult and dangerous battle he ever had.

Aside from Goongi’s faster-than-expected dominance of the new dragon Al, there would have been no cleaner victory like this if the Dragon L had been a more cautious one.

-Good work.

-That was a good meal.

Though Goongi spoke triumphantly as if it were nothing, Jaehwang, who knows the reality, can’t help but laugh.

There were several reasons why Goongi was able to overpower Al so quickly.

The first was that Jaehwang had a pre-emptive battle against L so that he could analyze Dragon’s capabilities as much as possible. There was a big difference between fighting with knowledge and fighting without any knowledge.

The second was that Jaehwang distracted Al. Jaehwang drew his attention by making a charge first and when he came close, he took out Goongi and at the moment when Al was confused.

The third was that L was ignorant of their latest modern weapons. It would not have been so much baffling if it had known that a laser orbiting satellite could only attack that area at a specific time and that the attack was purely made out of light.

The final and fourth was that Jaehwang and Goongi proceeded with a battle in a way that only maximized their strength. It would have been more exhausting if the dragons used their strengths and magic in the battle against Goongi and Jaehwang. Or there could have been quite a sacrifice if the dragons had used powerful monsters under their influence.

Of course, there was a reason why the dragons failed to show their strengths.

They didn’t use teleport throughout the battle, the magic that Jaehwang was most concerned about before entering the fight. Later, the tip-off was that the teleport was quite dangerous for a combination of reasons when fighting a character like Jaehwang or Goongi.

Anyway, Jaehwang subjugated two dragons, but he sent them back to Elus for now.

Of course, he didn’t send them without any condition. He had pledged to summon them the moments he sets out to conquer dark earth.

Though Goongi complained about why he would send them back, Jaehwang saw that the dragons were like poison for the Earth. Just as humans have had an adverse effect on Elus, they have also been able to have an adverse effect on Earth. No, they were more dangerous than humans.

Although dragons were completely different than them, this expression would describe the dragons in a short way

‘A strong psychopath without reins.’

Although there was a covenant, it was not necessarily an absolute one, considering what Goongi explained the last time. If they were determined to break the law, they could easily get away with a small penalty. Moreover, it was unclear how they would react if they found out about Jaehwang or Goongi’s weakness. So, Jaehwang decided to let them go to Elus.

-I think they’re going to make more trouble if I keep them with me anyway...

Jaehwang shook his head and took his hand to his headset.

-The battle is over.

-Yes! I’m on my way.

The voices of those cheering were heard through the headset. The voice of the person who answered Jaehwang was also shaking. Well, they must have been pretty devastated when another dragon appeared. After all, they were all successful in the raid – but they were probably on the edge of their seats while watching their battle.

-What happened to the monster waves heading to the bases?

Oh, yes. As soon as the dragon disappeared, all the monsters were destroyed. Currently, each base had a monster task force in place to prepare for the launch in order to reduce the number of dragons

-I see, that’s great.

Confirming that everything was settled smoothly, Jaehwang then said, looking at Goongi, who was now turning herself into a beautiful lady while licking her hands,

-Now, let’s go home.

-Okay

#2

The world was engulfed in festivals.

Everyone chanted the Archery Master and cheered him. It goes without saying that the feeling had become so intense that it had reached the level of religion. Even when the world was on the brink of ruin because of the monster’s appearance, it was perhaps natural to try to worship this young, handsome man who could be seen and cheered on over the silent gods.

Everyone would have agreed if Jaehwang had officially declared his advancement to the new world while saying, ‘Fall down and worship me.’

However, Jaehwang was wary of such popularity — no, he was rather active in appealing that he was still the same person. Some people asked if it was necessary, but Jaehwang was well aware that the cult of the Three Sky was one of the most harmful things in Korea.

Simply confined to Korea, the culture of the Three Sky Religion was harmful; that means, considering the popularity of Jaehwang, if he himself became a religion, it could be more intimidating than the threat of monsters.

Countries have welcomed the official announcement by Jaehwang.

This was because Jaehwang, who has an invincible influence as a single person, had given up on himself the power of the public he could gain.

Of course, Jaehwang did not give up even the right he should have.

Several countries have offered him smelly proposals to conquer the Elus together.

Of course, such people did not even see Jaehwang’s face.

Some used violent words and deeds when Jaehwnag didn’t do as they wanted but backed away after paying price for their deeds.

They could not protest against him.

Who could blame Jaehwang?

No, no one could even express one’s dissatisfaction. Jaehwang, who alone raided the dragon, was a fearful figure, but also, it was his absolute card called Goongi, that used during the battle with the dragons.

The violent intensity and cruelty had come as a shock and horror to everyone, especially when they saw Al getting silenced in just five minutes. The satellite images were sent to the world, so there was no CG or sensory camera technology in use at all.

It wasn’t even necessary.

Goongi turned the powerful dragon into rags at once.

However, Jaehwang, who owns such a fearful being as Goongi, was also invited by someone who could not be ignored.

Jaehwang agreed to the invitation of someone who suggested to him to discuss the matters related to Elus’ Three Sky Religion.

The night before leaving he left the U.S., Jaehwang stayed at a lush reception room in the white house.

The man sitting on a chair while looking at the tablet stood up as Jaehwang stepped inside as he raised his hand. When Jaehwang held his hand, he shook his hand furiously and said,

-I can’t express my feelings right now for shaking hands with God.

A white man in his mid-50s, who neatly combed his blonde hair, said that to him with a smile.

-Your Korean is fluent.

-Oh, is that so? Haha. It’s only been six months since I learned it, but it’s such an easy and beautiful language to the point that I’m into the fun of reading through Korean music and books these days.”

-Is that so?

The first impression wasn’t too bad. So far, they are known to be the members of the secret association that controls the axis of evil or the back of the world.

-Oh, I better introduce myself. I’m James Rothschild from the Rothschild family.”

I’m Jaehwang, the patriarch of the Martial Arts House.

The family that controlled the world’s economy even before the monsters appeared.

Since the family was so influential and mysterious that it was at the center of various conspiracy theories, they also appeared in the textbook that Jaehwang had read before.

The family has been a major pillar of the global economy in the past. Although even after monsters have emerged, they had been at the forefront of a new economic wave through a new growth engine, particularly the Mana Stone, almost monopolizing 40 percent of the Mana Stone market along with the rare metal market.

Jaehwang had been told that this family was the root cause behind the U.S. becoming the strongest nation to Raid and to maintain the national stance of the Elus offensive.

The tea time began and James, who introduced himself as a part of the Rothschild family, had told many stories related to Jaehwang.

He didn’t stop talking as if he really liked to talk.

-I once made a bet with my friend about how much money it would take to change his nationality to your nationality. Oh! I’m sorry if you feel offended. When we were talking about it, you were harvesting tier-nine monsters. Our family went wild because at that time you were picking up tier-nine monsters as if you were picking up stones on the side of the road, we know how hard it was to hunt those kinds of monsters.

-Why?

-You know, as the age of coexistence with monsters emerged, our family has poured all our power into the monster industry. We’ve been dominating the market little by little for decades, and all of a sudden, we’ve been flooded with tier-nine mana stones. Everyone couldn’t predict the future, so I had to worry.”

-I didn’t release the Mana Stones.

-Oh, I’m really grateful for that but from the point of view of the controller, all the mana stones you have are like potential bombs.

Jaehwang nodded at James’ words.

Of course, he didn’t bother to say that about half of the nine-tier mana stones he had was now in the belly of a lady. And if he was going to go on about this nonsense, Jaehwang didn’t even want to stay seated anymore.

-By the way, I came here thinking that you wanted to discuss the Three Sky Religion. Does that have something to do with that?”

-Yes.

Nodding his head, James straightened his posture. Then, with a serious look that he had never shown, he began to talk.

-Do you know about the secret mana stone market that spreads all over the world?

-Yes, I know.

Jaehwang nodded. Not only does he know it well, but it has also been mentioned a few times in what Jaehwang had done. The closest thing to this was when the Somali warlords were overthrown. They had built a huge fortune by secretly supplying mana stones produced in their own country to the world.

It was also known that there were many mana stones that were distributed through villains who do not have the right to trade Mana Stones. Perhaps the rise of the secret mana stone market was inevitable.

-Then do you know that some of the mana stones on the market were the financial arm of Three Sky Religion...

-I didn’t know that.

Jaehwang shook his head.

In the Invincible Palace, the government reported that that religion no longer existed in Korea.

James then replied with a serious look.

-They are now committing crimes against humanity worldwide with that money.

-What kind of crime?

Jaehwang asked.

-Human trafficking.

Human trafficking refers to the kidnapping of people.

James went on...

In the past, Three Sky Religion had consistently sold Mana Stones to the secret Mana Stone market.

Until the emergence of Jaehwang, it was quite well kept as a secret. But after Jaehwang emerged and shook Three Sky Religion, the whole amount was slowly disclosed as well as what they were doing with the funds.

-You are saying that they are buying people with the money they got from selling Mana Stones and transporting them to Elus?

To be exact, they were slaves, not people.

With that said, James showed Jaehwang some videos.

The video, which appeared to have been shot directly from the Kingdom of the Three Sky Religion, showed dozens of people being brutally burned alive.

-Our family’s attack team, which was deployed to save the kidnapped people six months ago, failed, and everyone who tried to save them was burned like this. We can’t find the team’s current location at the moment.

After a brief pause, James opened his mouth with a slightly mixed look.

-And those included people from my family.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 259: Request of Rothschild – 2




#1

His explanation was not very long.

Debaucher came out of the Rothschild family, and the family gave its full material and emotional support to him.

Money allows one to do anything. With the financial resources that were impossible to even measure, the Debaucher became quite famous at an early age.

Her name was Serena Rothschild.

She was already a six-star hunter at the age of 26.

She was a celebrity too — a model.

Of course Jaehwang wasn’t interested in anything like that so he didn’t know about her.

But Jaehwang’s eyes hardened when he saw her picture. She looked familiar.

‘She’s the crazy one with the red hair!’

‘I know.’

It’s been quite a while, so her appearance has changed but her signature red hair, milky skin and colorless eyes haven’t changed. She was a year older than Jaehwang, who had bullied Jaehwang at the Academy. No, it’s a bit misleading to say that she bullied him.

She had a bunch of her admirers around her, but ironically, she was hooked on Jaehwang. It was the beginning of the tragedy for both Jaehwang and her.

At first, she came up as a fairly normal person; but when Jaehwang did not even glance at her, she ventured into Jaehwang’s dormitory to launch an assault. Eventually, when Jaehwang left, her voice sounded like a hallucination in his ears as she was shouting to Jaehwang in front of the whole school,

“You’re mine! You’ll see!”

Since the Academy used the power of Kwon Je to treat all of its students under aliases, Jaehwang had lost his contact with her since then and had completely forgotten about her.

“I remember her as Serena Redshill. Did she live in Korea by any chance?”

James nodded with astonished eyes at Jaehwang’s question. “Yes, she was at the National Academy in Korea. The country was famous for its systematic Hunter education. Do you happen to know Serena...?”

“Yes.” Jaehwang answered James.

‘It’s her.’

When Jaehwang closed his mouth, James said with an earnest look, “We told her that it was a dangerous operation and I had to stop her, but I couldn’t win over her stubbornness. She jumped in recklessly to save the captured people. and they caught her.”

“Are you asking me to rescue her? I’m sure that the Rothschild family has other ways, if not me...”

James shook his head at Jaehwang’s question. “If only money could solve it, We would’ve saved her already. They chose to take Serena hostage over money.”

James, who took a moment, bowed his head and added, “I know it’s shameless to ask the world’s best hunter to do this, but not only am I her guardian, but I care about her like she’s my own child.”

“Hmmm...” Jaehwang fell into a deep thought.

He wanted to help as much as he could because of their past relationship, but it’s about saving people. Of course, the Kingdom of Three Sky religion was his next target anyways, and he might as well deal with it altogether; but Jaehwang’s original plan was to infiltrate its heart and wipe out all its top leaders at once.

This was Jaehwang’s favorite method, which was the fastest and cleanest. He would just have to wipe it out until it works. It might be called a barbaric method, but he didn’t have many options. This was one of the most troublesome reasons for dealing with a cult group because it meant that rational persuasion was impossible... However, if the variable, “Sreena’s Rescue” interrupts him, it would be a headache.

He did not know how things would turn out.

What’s more important was that Goongi was determinedly against it.

‘I’ll get rid of her even if we save her.’

Jaehwang would love to hear it like a joke, but Goongi doesn’t joke about such things. He didn’t want to save her and have a funeral. Goongi, who had to take good care of herself throughout the Academy when she was still powerless because of Serena’s obsession, hated Serena very much. If it weren’t for Jaehwang who wanted to graduate without trouble, something would have definitely happened.

That’s when James did something. The door was opened and a man in a butler’s uniform brought in a large black box and placed it on the table.

“Don’t come in until I tell you.”

“Yes, sir.”

As he went out with his head down, Jaehwang said, “What is this?”

“This is an artifact that my family had. Even if you refuse to do our request, I’m still hoping that you would accept this.”

Jaehwang frowned.

As he joined the ranks of the gods, he almost lost his lust. Though he gained the power of the Arrow in his battle against the Dragon, it is time for him to pay more attention to honing and polishing the divinity of his own than other things such a relic. It was poisonous to be distracted by such things.

“Don’t get me wrong. In fact, it’s like a cursed artifact. A lot of hunters tried, but they couldn’t even feel it, and a few hunters who rushed to touch it couldn’t wake up for days. So if it weren’t for you, it would have no real owner. Don’t feel pressured and please accept this.”

James carefully said while looking at Jaehwang’s face.

It was an obvious trick but curious, Jaehwnag opened the lid of the box. The box was double-wrapped. When he opened the inner antique box, a bow surrounded by a red veludo appeared.

The whole thing was shimmering with silvery light, and it was a bow made of metal, like his own.

All the fancy decorations embroidered at its surface indicates that it wasn’t actually used in combat. First of all, it was an ordinary short bow.

Jaehwang placed his hand on the bow and tried to feel it. And Jaehwang, who read the window that appeared a little later, opened his eyes wide.

Astrafe – Legend Class Artifact

Restrictions on use: Those who pass the test...

Vitality: -Unknown

Maximum range:-Unknown

Effective range:-Unknown

Material:-Unknown

Special ability

Unknown

Unknown

Unknown

Unknown

“Hm... Astrafe”

All but its name was covered.

James opened his eyes wide in astonishment as he recited the name of the weapon that emerged in Jaehwang’s item window.

“Astrafe is the name of the thunderbolt, the weapon of Zeus who gave it to us.”

“Is that so?”

Jaehwang was born-to-be bowman, so he became even more curious when he heard that the name of the legendary bow was the weapon of Zeus, the Western god. Moreover, he had never heard of a weapon that would test a master-to-be. Jaehwang picked up the Astrafe’s grip.

“Hmm?”

As soon as he grabbed the bow’s grip, a thrilling sensation traveled from the palm of his hand to the tip of his hand.

“That’s funny.”

Besides, it’s quite an offensive weapon.

“Are you all right?” James asked in a worried voice. This was because he had seen people passing out at the moment they touched that bow. Jaehwang showed his palm to stop him.

Jaehwang, who stabilized James, glared at the Astrafe in his hand.

“So this thing tests...”

It was ridiculous that a weapon would dare to test a man.

“Why don’t you pass my test first?” Using the hemolysis technique, Jaehwang began to focus on the bow. A red glow from his hand began to embrace the Astrafe and a moment later, Astrafe began to quiver and scream.

Screech!

“Ugh!” James closed his ears when a scratchy high note went off but as a member of the Rothschild family, he soon watched him with stable eyes as if his body was armed with artifacts to do so.

“It’s holding up! Let’s see if you can hold this out then...”

It was enduring quite well as a legend-class artifact. It was unknown to whom in-depth it belonged, but it’s holding onto it because it had a minor divinity left in it. Since it was a divine weapon, Jaehwang tried to have it surrendered by gently handling it. But it did not know that Jaehwang was being kind to it to let it go and instead, it just stood up and screamed.

Swoooosh..

Jaehwang once again placed some strength in his hand. If he had softly attacked it before, he will attack in earnest from now on. If he holds on to this, he’ll give up. If he holds on until the end anyway, it will be completely ruined but Jaehwang had nothing to lose anyway.

SCREEEEEECH

Astrafe began to rattle and tremble even more. It seems as if it was struggling to get out of Jaehwang’s hand, but Jaehwang had no intention of letting it go. A minute or so passed. A white spark starts from the grip that Jaehwang was holding on and soon, the entire Astrafe was surrounded by the spark.

And... when the spark was lifted, the Astrafe was transformed into a whole new shape.

It was a form of curved bow similar to the Arrow, the main weapon of Jaehwang. All its fancy decorations were gone, and its smooth curves were revealed. What’s interesting was that there were lightning ornaments on the top and bottom of the grip and the bow as a whole. Of course, it wasn’t just a change of shape.

The hidden part of the item window was gone as if it surrendered to Jaehwang.

It was unknown what the test was, but Jaehwang drilled it with force.

Astrafe – Legend Class Artifact

Restrictions on use: Those who passed the test

Vitality: Flexible

Maximum range: Flexible

Effective range: Variable

Material: Thunderium

Special ability

-Resilience

-Lightning Arrow

-Increase

-Transfer

-Self-repair

“That’s interesting.”

Jaehwang pulled the empty bowstring from Astrafe. Then, a spark arose between the lightning-shaped ornaments and his hands and soon, a long streak of light appeared.

Papapak! Papapak!

Sparks spring from the lightning-shaped arrow of light. He can feel the beast crouching inside the weapon. It was also understandable why life and maximum range were marked as ‘flexible’. It was both a weapon and a divine living being. And depending on the user’s ability, its power varies from one to the next.

What should be specially noted was the arrow was shaped like this lightning.

Apart from not needing arrows, all the special abilities of Astrafe were based on this lightning bolt. He would like to take all the strength out of him and test it, but Jaehwang shook his head immediately.

Jaehwang could have been put on the terrorist list of the U.S. in a single breath if he played out the real power of this weapon, which he had grasped through Astrafe.

In fact, the White House could have collapsed if he did so.

“Hmm.”

Once he scanned Astrafe, Jaehwang placed it in the Infinity Storage.

He tried to be wary of materialistic desires, but what could they say? He was still half-human. Greed was a natural human need.

‘Aren’t you giving in too quickly?’

‘Grandfather said that people should be flexible.’

‘The old man did something useless...’

It’s Jaehwang who smirks at the reminiscent of Goongi’s grumbling look.

“Okay. I accept this.”

Jaehwang looked at James. He didn’t want to say anything else since he was going to accept it anyway. James’ face brightened, but Jaehwang’s words were not over yet.

“However, there are conditions. I’m going to focus on destroying the Three Sky Religion itself rather than Serena’s rescue. Also, if the Three Sky Religion collapses, the benefits that Rothschild will get will have to return to society. That’s my condition.”

“O-of course.” James’ expression darkened slightly before regaining its original form with a nod. If the Kingdom of Three Sky religion, a big pillar of the secret Mana Stone market, collapses, the Rothschild family will get the benefit in return. Jaehwang was referring to that point.

After meeting James, Jaehwang immediately called Irumi.

Now that the hostage has been captured, he’s determined to resolve it as soon as possible. It wasn’t originally meant to be, but perhaps now was the right time to bring the Kingdom of Three Sky religion down. The Kingdom would not have thought that the Archery Master, who just finished the Dragon Raid, would move to destroy them immediately.

“I could use the Dragon a little faster than I thought.”

#2

The next day, Jaehwang boarded a private plane, receiving the hospitality and blessings of countless people.

“Let’s go,” Jaehwang, who was watching this through his tablet, said as he got into a car emblazoned with the Rothschild family’s pattern.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 260: Come on! – 1




#1

SWOOSH

The weather was rather chilly.

If the gate of the Republic of Korea was a subtropical climate, this gate was at a place that was cold and windy. Short grasses and desolate rocks that stick close to the ground greeted him.

There was no one around except Jaehwang.

When Jaehwang said he wanted to move as quietly as possible to Elus, Rothschild guided him to a gate unknown to the outside world. Failure to report the discovered gate is a serious crime, but for the family of Rothschilds, such seems allowed.

Where Jaehwang passed was a small gate about 20 meters high, hidden by a natural barrier on Elus’ side.

Jaehwang, who checked the terrain through his tablet, said with a nod,

“Well, This looks like a correct location...”

Before coming here, Jaehwang took over all the information the Rothschild family had gathered. It was about 600 kilometers from where he was now to his destination, Kingdom of Three Sky religion. It would take as long as a half-day on Earth, but it’s quite a long way from here in Elus. The family said it would provide a means to move into the air, but Jaehwang doesn’t know how to use it anyway and doesn’t want to take another pilot because of it.

Walking down the rocky mountain where the gate was located, Jaehwang took a necklace out of the Infinity Storage. It was a necklace with a small jewel in the middle, which he received as a token of promise after the fight with L. Of course, it has more function than being a token.

Holding it in hand and pressing down on the center of the necklace with his finger, the golden light began to rise from the jewels.

FLASH

The jewel that was emitting light soon turned into stones emitting a dull glow. It’s not so surprising. It’s kind of a cool time, and Jaehwang knows that it’ll be back in about ten days.

When Jaehwang raised his head, he saw a figure in his sight. It was a woman with a cigarette on her finger who fell from the air and landed in front of Jaehwang.

Her face crumpled like a piece of tissue when she looked at Jaehwang. Jaehwang opened his mouth first.

“Long time no see.”

“Isn’t it just two days?”

“I didn’t know I’d use this so fast.”

With a shrug, Jaehwang tossed the necklace into the Infinity Storage. L, who was looking up and down at Jaehwang with uncomfortable eyes while dropping the cigarette ash, immediately sighed.

“Yes. What did you call me for? Don’t tell me you called me on trial.”

“Are you busy?” Jaehwang asked.

“Yes, your girlfriend almost broke Al’s heart, so I’ve been treating him so far.”

Jaehwang shrugged at her answer.

Although Goongi almost broke his stomach, it happened inevitably because the two met as enemies.

“The reason I called is because of the humans who are building a country called the Kingdom of Three Sky religion in Elus.” Jaehwang showed the map by activating it with his tablet and L, who checked it, nodded. “Do you know about this?”

“You mean those guys who live deep in the Great Forest?”

“The Great Forest?”

“Yes, there is a quite large mountain range called Tiss. It’s a place that comes so far that I don’t really care about.”

“Have you been there?”

“Yes, I went up and had so much fun when a new girl in the temple who believes in me told me that humans would show up and kidnap her fellow countrymen.”

Jaehwang didn’t know what it meant to be ‘having fun’, but now he knew that L knew about that kingdom.

“Good. I have business there.”

“Is that all you’re asking me for? Humans can go there easily.”

The only reason humans don’t use aircraft in Elus was because of the airborne monsters, not because they can’t. Moreover, there was no threat of airborne monsters if Jaehwang, a specialist on a long-distance attack, was there.

“There are a few small requests...”

“Huh...” L’s face frowned at Jaehwang’s words.

“What’s the problem?”

“Al’s treatment is not over. He was forced to sleep, but we can’t leave for long.”

“It’s nothing, really. Just do me a simple flavor after taking me to the place I want. It’s going to be over in a day at the earliest.”

Jaehwang shrugged slightly. What he asked for was really nothing. Of course, it’s nothing much on this side, but it’s a disaster on the other side.

#2

Three Sky religion, who was pushed out of the earth and settled in Elus, took a foothold in the center of the Great Forest of the Tiss Mountains around a huge lake. Lee Myung-bok, the first leader, named it the Holy Land of Three Sky religion and completed the city of El-Seoul 20 years later.

Many lives were lost in the process.

To the humans who came to Elus with nothing, everything in Elus threatened their lives. Not only that, but the Three Sky religion also spared no lives of his congregation in building a saint.

Three Sky religion wasn’t the only one who crossed over to Elus at the time. Many of whom were deceived by the religion were taken away and the number was as high as half a million. And 100,000 of them were sacrificed in completing this El-Seoul.

With the lake as the center of El-Seoul, a huge sky-high castle stood tall. This was the Three Sky Palace where the Three Sky religion’s leader stays. The entire palace was shining in golden light because it was covered with gold. The amount of gold injected amounted to tons and, except for it, all kinds of colorful precious metals were adorned.

El-Seoul was a circular city that radiated around the Three Sky Palace. If you look at that section, there are four main sections, the center of the Three Sky Palace was home to the leader, the children of the leader, and the core power of Three Sky religion and their families. The second section surrounding Three Sky Palace was home to high-ranking Hunters and high-ranking officials of the Three Sky religion, and in the third section surrounding them, the upper-ranking believers were last, living off of the outermost section, dividing the living quarters of ordinary believers and slaves. What was unusual was that the third and fourth zones were divided by high fortresses, and when high-ranking monsters appeared in the city, the fourth zone was still exposed to danger.

The ordinary believers, who are always exposed to the danger of monsters because they are adjacent to the Great Forest, live poor-quality lives, mobilized for various services such as El-Seoul’s development of the Great Forest that did not stop expanding even to date.

Dang, dang, dang...”

When the magnificent bell rang out at noon in the distance, those who were working in great sweats all at once knelt toward where the Three Sky Palace was.

“Under the light of the God of the Three Kingdoms, our father’s son, our lord...”

They looked far at the golden cross of Three Sky Palace, murmuring the Prayer of the Three Sky Religion and singing their hymns soon after. People were singing as hard as they could in fear of getting their throats burned in exchange for others seeing them as if they were not believing enough. Suspicious of the belief, the parish trials would take place and if the attention was raised, it would be used as a “holy party” to lure monsters to the attack squad that raids the Great Forest. Half of them would become food for monsters.

The child, who was sitting on his knees with his parents singing the Three Sky Hymns, began to look around with his eyes wide open. The child couldn’t stand the boredom of this time, though such conduct wasn’t supposed to be done. The child, who was rolling his eyes, suddenly stopped singing.

“Jaeho! What are you doing?”

When the child’s singing stopped, his mother pressed the child in a low voice to make sure others can’t listen. The parish trial did not consider age. In fact, if a child’s faith was suspected, the child’s parents were dragged instead.

But the child looked at one place absent-mindedly. The child’s mother then turned to the way the child was looking. And, like a child, she stopped the Three Sky Hymns and opened her mouth wide.

The Great Forest surrounding El-Seoul was fluctuating and wriggled as if it was alive.

There seems to be an outpour of murderous intent towards them coming from the Great Forest.

“Oh, no.”

She knew what it was.

That’s a monster wave... she was not without experience. Waves happen three or four times a year and so, many people were killed, but that’s not what she’s looking at now.

It had a terrifying scale that she had never experienced before, but what scares her more than that was the discovery of something huge flying towards El-City.

It was impossible to measure its size...

“D...Dragon...”

She’s never seen it in person, but she’s heard about the dragon.

The dragon, which appeared only once a long time ago, made a hell for a day and as many as 30,000 had to be brutally killed by the monster that the dragon brought.

The dragon, which was only heard by a story, appeared.

It was reproducing the nightmare of the past.

#2

Some of the deepest parts of the Three Sky Palace were large and luxurious for prisons.

It’s a place with luxurious carpets, beds and everything else to live in, except for its thick, specialized iron doors.

A red-haired beauty was staring at a white man sitting in front of her with murderous eyes, using it to lock up a high-ranking hunter who had been recruited or kidnapped from the outside.

“Miss Serena, it’s not good for you to hold on longer.”

“Brown. Now you are threatening me?”

“It’s not a threat. Miss Serena, I just want to prevent you from being dragged away to repent for your sins.”

“My sin?”

“Yes, Miss Serena. You tried to seduce the innocent saints in our Kingdom of the Three Sky religion. Don’t tell me you don’t know that.”

“Ha.!” At his words, Serena snorted without refuting it. Even if she refuted it, it was only a recurring story, so she was now too lazy to open her mouth.

“If you change your mind now, I would recommend you to be the Three Sky Religion’s Goddess. This is a great opportunity.”

“Three Sky Religion’s Goddess? Ha-ha! How dare you try to make me, Serena Rothschild, the martyr of your church.”

“How dare you say such profanity... The master is the incarnation of Trinity. You’re going to be God’s woman!”

Thud!

“You’re crazy!” Serena punched her chair and shouted.

“Ha! Miss Serena, you are now rejecting it, but you will soon be born again under the blessing of the Holy Spirit of the Trinity.”

Serena wanted to kill the man in front of her right away. Not only did he appear every day and night and talk nonsense, but it was him who was the true cause behind the failure of her team’s attack.

He was the former head of Clan’s branch run by the Rothschild family, and he voluntarily participated in the expedition led by Serena. Had it not been for him, countless hunters who trusted and followed Serena would not have been killed, nor would they have seen those who had been enslaved be burned alive.

That was not enough and now, he’s asking her to become a woman of their god.

But Serena held back her anger. He was guarded by four six-star Hunters outside the door. Their intention was clear and it was to make her a believer of the Three Sky Religion. Though she was sick and tired of talking, she has to hang in there until the family sends a rescue team.

It was at that moment when a man burst into the door and whispered something to Brown.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 261: Come on! – 2




#1

“What?”

Brown’s eyes widened. He couldn’t believe the man who brought the news.

He shouted, forgetting that Serena was in front of him.

“Why Dragon?!”

The most fearful in Elus, the dragon was at the very top of the food chain.

And Three Sky religion has experienced it very deeply in the past. Tens of thousands of people were killed by the violence of the dragon that flew in while attempting to enslave the Su people.

The Kingdom of Three Sky religion would have been destroyed without even starting if the then-principal had not knelt down and pleaded for mercy, offering to the dragon the things he had brought from Earth.

But the dragon appeared again with tens of thousands of monsters.

“The latest information from Earth says that the dragon was defeated by the Master Archer. I’m assuming that the dragons were trying to vent their anger on us, who were also human beings.”

“What?! What nonsense is that! The dragon lost, to him?”

“Yes.”

The more one hears, the more unbelievable it gets.

A man beating the dragon? At the Kingdom of Three Sky religion, there was still the data about the dragon at that time.

So, they knew how powerful the dragons were.

At one breath, hundreds would melt away at once. What’s more frightening was that the dragon was the mastermind of the monsters. Once a dragon floats, countless monsters would appear together.

But the dragon lost?

In fact, capturing Serena Rothschild using tricks was also related to the dragon’s state.

Now that the powerful dragon had crossed over to Earth, interest in the Kingdom of the Three Sky religion on Earth would also weaken. That’s why he wanted to secure hostages to take the initiative in the Mana Stone market, which was growing significantly, and further turn Serena Rothschild into a man of the Three Thousand Kingdoms so that he could negotiate with the Rothschild family.

But not only the dragon was defeated by the Master Archer on Earth, but it wants to vent its anger on the Kingdom!

“Fortunately, the dragon did not invade El-Seoul yet.”

“Huh?”

“Monsters were surrounding El-Seoul. Maybe if there’s a proper offering, like in the past, it’s possible to drive them away.

“I’m glad that’s all. And?”

“For now, all the completed Heavenly Angels will be available and placed in the palace. It also informed us that the castle will be transformed into a Church-centered system. They told us to refrain from going outside and wait for instructions.”

The Church-centered system was the separation of the Three Sky Palace and El-Seoul.

All elite combat forces were concentrated in the palace and the gates were closed. It was an extremely cruel decision for El-Seoul citizens, but it was a means of survival for the Three Sky Religion so far.

“Heavenly Angels...”

These were the weapons that the Kingdom of the Three Sky religion had been producing most recently.

If those and the Three Sky religion’s high-ranking hunters join forces, even the dragons won’t be able to touch them.

“Okay, go out.”

“Yes, sir.”

With his men out, Brown turned to Serena, who was sitting opposite to him.

There was a small laugh hanging by her lips.

“Do you think we deserve to be embarrassed by that Dragon?”

“Well?”

In fact, Serena laughed now because of the news that the dragon had been beaten by the Master Archer.

She knew who he was. He was the man that she used to pursue, that’s the reason why she laughed and Brown misunderstood that smile.

“I’ll ask you again, don’t you want to follow the Three Sky religion?”

“I’ll think about it if you let my detained men go,” Serena replied while crossing her legs. She was certain that they couldn’t touch her anyway.

Moreover, the dragon appeared and the Kingdom was in danger. She made some extra time for himself, but she mistakenly thought of Brown as being gentle.

“That’s too bad.”

Brown pushed a button.

‘

ZAP! ZAP!!!

-awk!!!!!!!!!

A powerful spark rose from the chair she was sitting on. No matter how good of a hunter she was, that chair was specially designed to subdue such high-profiled hunters. As Serena sagged, Brown took the restraint tools that hung on the wall and began to affix her to the chair.

“Don’t feel offended. This is what I was going to do anyway, whether today or tomorrow. We’d better get it over with now.”

“What... what...”

The paralysis was loosening on her body, but she cannot move because she was already restrained.

“I didn’t think that you, a snobbish one, would listen to me anyhow.”

“Ugh..!” Serena wiggled her arms and legs when she saw Brown’s sordid eyes.

“Whoo-hoo, if you’re going to get brainwashed anyway, let me have a little taste.” Brown grabbed Serena’s clothes with both hands and tore them roughly from side to side. Her beautiful white breast, wrapped in a bra, popped out. Brown, looking at her breast with lustful eyes, rose from his seat and began to loosen his buckle.

“What are you trying to do?”

“I am trying to be merciful to you, you dirty snobbish girl.”

“Get out! Dirty bastard!”

“Whoa, your mouth is still alive. I’ll let you scream joyfully from that mouth!”

With a mean smile, Brown’s hand turned to Serena’s lower abdomen. Brown was also a hunter, though he wore wide pants.

Zaap!

Her ripped pants revealed a sleek hip and underwear. Brown looked between her legs with greedy eyes, and Serena closed her eyes tightly. She couldn’t break free because her legs were tied down. It’s time for Brown’s dirty fingers to slowly move around her lower body

Pow...

Brown’s body crumbled sideways with a short blow.

“Oh, oh, ah...”

Serena’s, who had been biting her teeth, widened her eyes.

Behind the crumbling Brown, a man stood still. He was an unidentified man who covered his entire body together with a black hood. The man, who lightly gathered his fist, turned his eyes and looked at Serena’s body.

“Who are you?” Serena asked, but her opponent relaxed her arrested body without saying a word.

After being freed from the chair, she quickly stripped Brown of his fallen top and covered herself. Her dressy ears gave her a muted and murky voice.

“Your men are trapped in the basement just below. Save them and wait.”

“You’re not here to save me?” Serena asked and the man shook his head.

“You are not the main problem.”

One might well be angry at describing themselves as a “side,” but Serena was not a woman who would put her pride on such things.

“I would have a hard time doing it alone,” Serena replied with an awkward look.

This was a place full of elite hunters of the Kingdom of the Three Sky religion.

As she saw while detained here, there were also dozens of monsters that exude inhuman mana, armed with thick armor.

“The path has already been cleaned. I’ll get going...”

“Oh, no... but..”

The man slipped away without another word. Serena couldn’t keep her mouth shut with all that absurdity. It was usually normal to take the responsibility of the ones you find and lead the way out, however, this man threw her a word as if he was annoyed and disappeared.

“Hung! That’s because I’m not a princess who wants to save the prince!”

Crack...

Cracking Brown’s fallen neck, Serena soon stepped out into the hallway and began to run. All the hunters who had been watching her have fallen. There was no need to check if they were even alive. Everyone’s head was in the opposite direction. Then down the exit to the bottom floor, Serena could see what the man meant by cleaning.

“Phew, he’s done the job for sure.”

The floor of the hallway was almost invisible because of the fallen people.

No special stab wounds were visible on the body, but she could feel that they were all dead. Their bodies were filled with burning incense. Serena, who passed through the bodies, was soon able to reach the very last room where her men were being held.

When the door was opened and she walked inside, she saw people who looked like guards lying down and a cell with a steel cage that had bars with the size of an adult’s forearm. That’s where she found her shivering and pale men.

Serena, who searched the guards’ arms and found the key, opened all the bars and freed all the soldiers who were being held together. Everyone hugged each other and trembled with joy at the rescue.

“The watchmen fell to the ground in an instant.”

“I thought dozens of people fell down at once because of poison,” the attacker, Hiler, said with her face turned pale.

“Oh, it’s a rescue team. It seems a little insincere...”

Serena’s words brightened everyone’s faces. If the rescue team was here, this boring place was over.

“Where is the rescue team?” Aked the vice-captain with Serena replying with a bitter smile.

“The man who freed us seems to have a more important mission that he needs to do more than us.

“What?”

#2

After Serena’s rescue, Jaehwang walked with the Invisible Cloak undone. The unexpected variables have been removed, so there was no need to be careful.

A dozen or so Three Sky religion Hunters, who were running across the hall, found Jaehwang and shouted,

“Who is it?”

But there was no reason for Jaehwang to answer their questions.

THUD...zaaaaap

“Awk!!!!!”

THUD... THUD...

Everyone fell to the ground. The hall was filled with a burning smell and smoke.

“Good, that saves me some arrows... ” Jaehwang liked this Astrafe very much. His arrows won’t stop after just hitting his enemies as it would affect the others too that had metallic objects with them. He was testing the intensity of the mana arrow and the more he uses it, the more he likes it.

He was verifying each and every ability, and this situation was good enough for him to test things out.

“Do I still have to wait?”

That’s when Jaehwang hear Goongi’s discontented voice in his head.

“Oh, sorry...”

Astrafe’s performance was so much fun that he forgot about Goongi who he placed in a certain location.

“I think you can start running around.”

“Really? haha,” Goongi replied cheerfully to Jaehwang and then...

Rumbling...

The whole palace began to shake with a shallow tremor. This was brought by Goongi’s actions.

“Argh!”

“The buildings are going down!!!!”

The people screamed. A whole building collapsed and something huge with red hair began to rise from inside. It soon began destroying a building completely and also crushing the pretty large two-story building next to it like a biscuit. It was implied what happened to those who were inside.

ROARRRRRRR...

As soon as the red beast roared at the sky, all the people who stood around him as if they were nailed to the floor collapsed.

“R.. run!”

“It’s a monster!”

Those who were outside the reach of the roar began to turn and flee.

Some have started attacking Goongi, but it was impossible to hurt Goongi with such weak attacks.

ROARRRRRRRR

Flash!

The red force from her body ripped through its all sides and those exposed to its influence melted without even leaving a body behind. It was an overwhelming prestige that cannot be resisted.

“She’s doing great, should I start my part?” Jaehwang, who was appreciating Goongi’s violence, closed his eyes and spreads his mana.

Surrounding the city with dragons, Goongi attacks those inside the walls of Three Sky Palace. Taking advantage of the unrest, his strategy was to wipe out the leaders who would be gathered in one place with the appearance of the dragon. To be honest, though, releasing Goongi would have been enough.

“There it is.” There was a smile on Jaehwang’s lips as he checked where the targets were gathered.

Now that he knew the location of the target, he didn’t have to take the way up there. What was the merit of a man with a bow? He could strike the enemy from a long distance. Astrafe was pointed at the ceiling with the goal of taking care of the religion’s leaders.

Drrr....Zaaap... Zap..!

One thunderbolt-arrow was created above the Astrafe as the bow was pulled. The difference between this arrow and the one he usually uses was that it’s thicker and longer. Jaehwang didn’t let go of the bow just yet. The wind began to gather around Jaehwang — no, it wasn’t the wind, this was the phenomenon that occurs when Astrafe gathers some mana.

“Show me your best shot.”

The last thing to confirm with Astrafe’s ability was how much it could afford Jaehwang’s power.

SCREECH...

After a while, Astrafe began to weep sadly as if it could no longer afford his strength. And it was no longer an arrow that hung on the bow, what appeared was a deformed slab of light that spun so wildly.

“Well, this is good enough.” Jaehwang’s hand released the string and a little while later, everything from Jaehwang’s floor to the top floor was disintegrated.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 262: Come on! – 3




#1

THUD...

A blinding flash spread out into the sky. It’s so beautiful that some of the Three Sky Religion’s believers were kneeling down and holding hands together, but it was not the spirit of a merciful God as they thought. It was only the energy of destruction. The bright cross at the top of Three Sky Palace... was melting away

QAKAKAKAKAKAH!!!

The pillars of light were not the manifestation of the divine grace of God. No, it was the devil. It was a cruel wonder of evil. Otherwise, the top three quarters of the Three Sky Palace that worships the God of the Three Kingdoms would not be blown away.

RUMBLING...

A half-titled cross flies into the air and falls on the floor.

“Oh, ah, ah...”

It was the sight that could be seen by all the citizens of El-Seoul. The ever brilliantly shining cross at the highest point of El-Seoul was now gone. They just couldn’t come to their senses. The headquarters of Three Sky Religion... The center of their faith and the place where the living son of the Trinity stays...

The place was attacked.

At this moment, they have no time to pay attention to the sudden emergence of red animals or dragons that were threatening El-Seoul.

“Argh!”

“Trinity!!!!”

The whole city was in a state of pandemonium. Except for the third and fourth districts that would be keeping the dragon in check, all believers in districts 1 and 2 flocked to the walls of Three Sky Palace.

#2

A man appeared at the top of the shattered Three Sky Palace and looked down at them with his arrogant eyes. Thousands or tens of thousands of eyes looked at him, but without any agitation, he lifted something half burnt. It was a fat pig in a red and white robe decorated with gold. His skin was milky as if he’s never seen the sun before. The man, who appeared to be in his mid-50s, was shivering, perhaps because of pain.

“Oh... it’s my lord.”

“My Lord.”

The people bowed their heads in fear and awe as soon as they confirmed that the man was their leader. The old brainwashing education had prevented them from even looking up. The sons of God are those whom they know to be profane just by looking at them.

Even a cult will have one hegemony especially when it’s a decade old.

Jaehwang stared at the face of the man in his hand who was the leader of the Three Sky Religion. His name is Lee Si-yong. Funny enough, he was the weakest, but only he remained alive. The artifacts that were plastered all over his body managed to protect him from Jaehwang’s attack. It’s not just that, his charred limbs had also regenerated.

“Ugh.... Sa, Save me.”

“Do you want to live?”

If he had known what Jaehwang was thinking, he would have just asked him to kill him right there.

Ignorant of it, he spoke eagerly to Jaehwang when he saw the hope of a single life.

“I-if you spare me, I will forgive you all your sins and promise you a seat to my right in heaven... Ughhhhh...”

CRACK

Jaehwang’s hand, which had no intention of hearing any more, grabbed the man’s mouth and twisted it like he was squeezing the juice out of a press. Blood along with a set of teeth that had been taken out fell to the floor. Jaehwang didn’t even want to continue his talk. This Lee Si-yong was just one of those guys who was addicted to the cult.

POW...

“I will take as much as you have done.” Jaehwang’s hand grasped the man’s right wrist.

Lee Si-yong’s face, which had been suspicious, turned white with great pain. His arm was being twisted.

“What, what... uhhh!”

Jaehwang pulled out his arm. Twisting the flesh and cutting off the muscles, his bones were crushed and were pulled along with his veins and tendons.

CRACK

“Ughhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!”

Lee Si-yong opened his mouth wide due to the pain, but he faced a new suffering again without ever being able to feel it.

POW! CRACK

“AWKKK!!!”

A towering knee went in between Lee’s legs. It was not only enough to crush his balls, but Jaehwang went up to his pelvis.

All kinds of filth flowed out.

“Huh...huh...” Lee Si-yong, who lost his mind for a moment in so much pain, was shaking with a bubble in his mouth.

“You can’t die yet.”

He was desperate to snap the man’s neck at once, but dying in that way was too comfortable for this fellow. Jaehwang, who had the man’s mouth shut by the most comfortable means called pain, lifted him up. The man’s two legs dangled in the air. Letting him go now would mean that he would fall down on the ground that was dozens of meters below where he was.

Jaehwang shouted, looking at the thousands of eyes one by one. “Here’s your God. Whoever wants to save him, come forward and prove your faith.”

There was a moment of silence. Tens of thousands of eyes stared blankly at Jaehwang’s hand.

The reasons for their silence were astonishment and anger. Soon after, the fanatics in a frenzy rose like a storm.

“Whoaaa! Save the Lord!”

Thousands of people swarmed the Three Sky Religion Palace. The leader, who was more important than the existence of El-Seoul itself, was captured. The people began to climb the palace like angry ant soldiers. Then, there were senior hunters of Three Sky Religion, who were at the forefront of them, flying in the air. Located at the top of the Pyramid of Kingdom, they have been imbued with all kinds of luxury and entertainment for decades and have been busy fulfilling their own self-interest.

Their numbers were estimated to be hundreds.

“Okay. That’s a good distinction.”

With the corners of his mouth rolled up, Jaehwang lets go of the hand that held their leader, but the leader did not fall down as if there were invisible hands in the air clutching him.

Jaehwang took the Arrow out of Infinity Storage. If Astrafe was the best in a single offensive force, The Arrow was the best in this current type of situation.

He will cause a massacre.

Jaehwang was not a god or a goddess in the first place. Of course, he was not an evil spirit. He only moves on to the divine nature of punishing everything. He was the god of punishment who put the slanted scale to the center and in Jaehwang’s eyes, he could feel the past misdeeds of those now surging up like ants.

He could feel the vengeful spirits of many people. It’s ugly, dirty and shady. There was no way for them to be rehabilitated.

“You going into the world would only cause harm... I will make you pay.”

Jaehwang pointed an arrow to the air, not to the hunters of Three Sky Religion, who were flying up the direction of the arrow.

SWOOSH

Jaehwang, who pulled the bow to the limit, muttered quietly.

“Dancing showers that penetrate...”

ZAAAAP

As soon as the bow of the Arrow was laid, the red arrow that was fired broke into dozens and each one of them began to pour down like a flash of light that seemed like a fountain.

“Argh!”

“Argh!”

There was no mercy for the shower of red arrows. They tracked down the hunters who came up to them as if they had eyes on them. No one could escape from it. No one could hide from it. The arrow did not account for age and sex, it only scaled the magnitude of the crimes that they had committed.

“Stay! Go up!”

“Argh!”

Papapapapapapapapapapapag!!!

“Shoot it back!!”

It’s no use hiding behind the wall, the devil’s arrow penetrates through all that stands on its way.

An unbearable man pointed a gun at him, but his attempt was thwarted by another Hunter.

“No! There’s the leader!”

“You are crazy! We’re all going to die!”

It was inconceivable for them to aim their arms at the leader, because even looking at him may lead to the punishment of burning.

“A punishment from heaven to the unbelievers who will fall into eternity!”

“You coward! Let the leader go!”

“I can’t believe you’re using him as a shield...”

Those who can’t do this or that were busy pointing fingers at the emperor

“Ha.” From Jaehwang’s point of view, it’s absurd. A shield? Rather, Jaehwang’s decision to put the leader before the people was aimed at picking out those who had lingering feelings about life. If they considered their lives more important than their loyalty to their religion, he would save their lives. Jaehwang was not a ruthless killer, but he’s not even human. He was nothing but a God that punishes.

“Attack! Heavenly Angels!”

BAM!!! Dudududududududu....

One side of the Palace bursts forth and a herd of black splashed out. They were wearing heavy gloves. If copper iron was a prototype in the past, those were completed. Those things were at least twice as strong in terms of defense and offensive power.

Of course, to Jaehwang, it was ridiculous. As soon as Jaehwang’s hand, who turned his weapon into Astrafe, lets go of the bowstring...

.

SWOOSH..BOOM!

In the place where the heavenly angels were rushing in, only the charred ashes were left before it was blown away.

#3

“Goongi? You seem to be a little shallow. Everyone’s just looking at me.”

“Huh? Hey! How dare these people look down on me!”

Goongi, who didn’t like to lose to anyone, became furious at Jaehwang’s words.

Goongi, who had just gone wild jokingly, began to go wild for real upon hearing Jaehwang’s provocation.

Boom! Boom Boom boom!!!

“Argh! It’s collapsing!”

“Get out of the way!”

The buildings collapsed when a large apartment-sized giant in the red river began to run around.

ZAP ZAP!

That was when dozens of black figures appeared above Jaehwang’s head.

These were the secret weapons of the Three Sky Religion, with the ultimate ability to hide, they have been holding their breath for this moment.

‘Two Angels’

If the Heavenly Angels were newly built secret weapons, Two Angels were the true secret weapons of the Three Sky Religion that had existed since the past.

They were about 90 in number, and they came flying at Jaehwang’s flank. But Jaehwang was already aware of their existence. It was only laughable that they dared to hover around him.

Their weapons swept through the space where Jaehwang was standing a moment ago, his body was already flying in the air.

The Astrafe, who was pulled to the limit, shrieked.

SCREECH!

“Die.”

Whoooooooo!!! BAM! BAM!

The bundle of red lightning, which revolved wildly around Jaehwang’s body, was soon placed on the tip of the arrow before it was fired towards the ground. And... the arrow devoured most of what remained of the palace along with his enemies.

Rumbling..!Boom! Boom boom!

“It’s... it’s going to fall!”

“Hide! Argh!”

Something catastrophic happened to the people jumping up the Palace. The disasters that sprouted from the human body were indiscriminately eroding the Palace.

Rumbling...

The Palace of Three Sky religion, after decades of standing, collapsed. The people couldn’t approach him anymore.

“It’s... the Master Archer...!”

Some who recognized the divinity of Jaehwang a little while ago dropped their weapons and knelt down.

“We can’t win...”

A real God descended to punish the Three Sky Religion. A sense of awe and helplessness began to spread like a plague among the people as Jaehwang stood in the air and looked at them with his arrogant eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 263: Come on! – 4




The world was agitated again by the news that Jaehwang had destroyed the Kingdom.

The Master Archer, who people thought had returned to Korea modestly, flew to Elus unexpectedly and destroyed the Kingdom of the Three Sky religion. They were shocked to see that the largest villain group in the world was destroyed.

It hasn’t been too long since the last raid on the dragon threatened the U.S, but did they really immediately seek to destroy the Kingdom, the world’s largest villain organization?

On the scale alone, the Kingdom could even be considered a small county. However, Jaehwang went into their capital on his own and wiped out all of their leaders.

The dragon appeared out of nowhere to pressure the Kingdom and sided with Jaehwang; but shortly before the battle, the two became enemies. This led some to the conspiracy theory that the Master Archer was the owner of the dragon from the beginning and that the occupation of Las Vegas in the United States was originally part of his plan. However, in the end, the majority argued that if Jaehwang had that much power, he did not need such plans, so the conspiracy disappeared without a trace.

His identity was appalling. The raid took about three hours. The mercenary hunters hired by the Rothschild family quickly came in to settle the confusion, but the Kingdom’s damage was not even countable.

Regardless of how the Kingdom was registered as a first-class Villain organization and, in principle, that was a sufficient cause for their slaughter, Jaehwang honestly expected people to be quite opposed to this. Human beings instinctively reject things that were different from themselves. There was still a tense public opinion among people about hunters that they should be controlled through a law that was enforceable. It was clear that when people were wary of the Hunters who were around them every day, they would be alerted that one was dehumanized and massacred nearly a thousand people in El-Seoul.

But what’s interesting was that the world doesn’t just flow as one might think. Rather, the people around the world praised Jaehwang. Of course, he put down all his rights to the World Hunter Office and the Republic of Korea, and the Invincible Palace and the Martial Arts House intentionally paid attention to the image he was making; but more likely, his actions were presented as a lonely god, trying to carry all the sins of the world alone.

With just a flick of his hand, all the reputation and power in the world were his and the beauties would have lined up to see his face. But as if he was not interested in anything like that, he did the things in his way without hesitation and people even voted to turn him into the fifth saint following the four saints – Jesus, Buddha, Confucius, and Socrates.

For a long time already, the madness for him was going too far and it culminated in the collapse of the Kingdom.

A month had passed since Jaehwang returned to Korea.

#2

“Now the Master Archer became a treasure of the world beyond Korea. In the future, he will lead the raid of humanity. However, we should not think that only a rosy future will unfold ahead of the Republic of Korea. We should not sit still simply because he’s a Korean. We must thoroughly manage him to be more patriotic in the Republic of Korea. In addition, he should make a family in this country as soon as possible. That’s the first step in protecting the Master Archer of the Republic of Korea from those who are seeking to become the powerhouse of the Raids.”

Quite a long story, but here’s the bottom line. They were saying that he should adapt to the social system of the Republic of Korea so he could not leave. When the lawmakers. who usually take a nap or sleep at the National Assembly attended this meeting, this was the thing that they realized.

“As far as I know, there’s a woman for him in the InvinciblePalace, and yet it’s not known who she is. Is that right?”

“Yes, I’m afraid so.”

The public does not yet know about Goongi.

“The priority is to get all the information about her as soon as possible.”

“It is not necessary. He’s an adult, too. I actually don’t understand why we have to hold these meetings.”

Yoo Jung-min of the current ruling party tapped the table with a pen with a disgruntled expression. Originally, the meeting now was held to discuss how to treat the refugees generated from the Kingdom of Three Sky religion. But what they said together was nonsense, and that’s why Yoo feels uncomfortable.

At his remarks, members of the current opposition party raised their voices with a frown.

“Don’t tell us you don’t know why we should do this? What would you do if she had an antisocial personality or asked him to emigrate to another country?”

“Well, so what do you want to do? You want to create a department investigating the deep personal life of the Master Archer?”

“It’s not that, but he’s still young. I mean, he’s very healthy. It’s a problem if his judgment can be clouded because of women. Let’s say, if a woman goes at him naked, Master Archer wouldn’t be any different from a man of his age.”

“That’s right. We’re the kind of people who have a complete personality and we should step up and coordinate. What if she’s a spy from another country?” Yoo Jung-min smiled despondently as he looked at the opposing lawmakers clamoring in all directions.

In particular, the congressman who had been clamoring for his completed personality was caught playing with female secretaries in a club and was now referred to the ethics committee.

“Anyways, it’s not going to work. Although we do not manage the Master Archer as a national asset, we should at least control him to move for the benefit of our Republic of Korea. So please, cooperate with the ruling party on this!”

“Oh, how nice it would have been if you were also this active in enacting a special law to shed light on the corruption of the former president in detention?” Yoo replied sarcastically.

“That’s absurd!”

“Did I say something wrong?”

“Please have a seat, Rep. Park.”

Watching lawmakers rushing like wild boars who were stabbed in their weak part, Rep. Yoo Jung-min shook his head. The leaders of this country were still illogical, even if the world was turned upside down.

“Let’s talk about something more constructive. I’m sure you know as much about the topic of today’s meeting. It’s about the acceptance of the refugees from the Kingdom of Three Sky religion. We need a supplementary budget and a special law on this matter. Also, although the exact number was not determined, there were opinions that the number of refugees would be at least 100,000. The place to accommodate them is also a problem.”

The Kingdom of the Three Sky religion had many races. However, since the religion originated from the Republic of Korea, the believer’s largest number was Koreans, and they too were from Korea.

In particular, as Master Archer had recently raised global awareness, many people wanted to move to South Korea, which was considered the safest place to be from monsters.

“Oh, we can just send them all to the north. We’ve got a lot of places to develop.”

“Are you saying you want to blindly drive the northward people who have been living in a cult for decades?”

“That doesn’t make them all citizens of South Korea. If we were to find a place to accommodate them, there would certainly be a lot of social backlashes.”

“Hey, is it not our job to solve it? This is about the Master Archer that you want to manage so much.” At Yoo’s words, the other lawmakers turned their heads with their mouths closed. He knew that they were anxious to find a shelter where their constituency was located.

Then, Hong Kye-won, the current leader of the opposition party, admonished Yoo Jeong-min. “Still, we shouldn’t rush to deal with this. And with an extra budget being poured into North Korea’s development right now, how can we afford that? And even if we are in the midst of a booming economy due to the Master Archer, the current ruling party will not be free at a time when the national budget is running short.”

Yoo almost lost his patience at the moment when the current leader of the opposition party said something nonchalant.

Whenever the ruling party tries to do something, the other party always tries to go against it, whatever the topic. The root cause of the tight budget in the current Republic of Korea was the responsibility of the former administrations that belonged to the current opposition parties. Although it was speculated that the national budget that President Lee Hyung-woo, who was now in detention, had appropriated through his coalition with all kinds of interest groups that was uncountable, it was only the tip of the iceberg. The sum of all the budgets used in vain by the wrong policy would easily exceed that.

When those who couldn’t escape the responsibilities of those regimes said things like that, his subordinates pushed him aside. Now, it was not right to just pass on to a year-old administration the 10-year-old wrongs of the former administration.

Yoo jumped up from his seat and began to collect his papers. The same ruling party members stopped him, but Yoo walked out of the meeting after collecting all the documents and said as if everyone was listening, “I apologize in advance. In fact, there was something that the current President asked me specifically about this matter.”

When congressmen, who had been smug about Yoo leaving the meeting, heard him mention the president, everyone took notice of him.

“The Martial Arts House asked the president for a special favor regarding the people of the Kingdom. And in this regard, the Master Archer promised to come forward if any help is needed. I think we need that help now.”

“What do you mean by that?”

“What? if there was such a fact, you should have told us...”

The congressmen’s outcry erupted, but Yoo left the meeting without even pretending to hear them. He felt ashamed, but he was convinced that he could no longer leave this matter up to them. It’s embarrassing to borrow the Master Archer’s help in what they should be supposed to do, but he doesn’t want to be in the same position as those congressmen who were willing to control the Master Archer in their own way.

#3

A few days later, many congressmen were involved in President Lee Hyung-woo’s corruption scandal and had to return the gold badge. Since most of the congressmen who resigned from the National Assembly were involved in the corruption involving President Lee Hyung-woo, a former opposition party member, they were the ones who were on their side in the early stages of a hunger strike or shaving their heads in front of the National Assembly. Only a handful of Koreans stood by them.

The biggest reason for this was that they defamed the Master Archer, Korea’s current pride, in the media, conversing about things they should not talk about as the representatives of the country.

Of course, this was only a fragmentary reason that was revealed to the public, and each media, sensitive to the current news, was influenced by the Martial Arts House behind the massive corruption scandal. In a way, this was a very improper problem-solving technique — a private group with hegemony initiated in secret to shake the national discipline.

In the distant future, however, the respondents said that they could not ignore the unexpectedly positive aspects of the incident. In any case, the incident prompted the collection of high fines from President Lee Hyung-woo and his former administration to make up for the lost national budget due to their wrong policies, and the enactment of a special law that would make high-ranking government officials pay more thoroughly for their crimes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 264: Jaehwang at Martial Arts Nursery – 1




#1

The cold weather was giving everyone shivers. Though it has not yet dawned, Jaehwang, who hardly sleeps, sat on a bed with his legs crossed, meditating. In the meantime, Goongi was there next to him, munching her snacks while watching a new drama series.

Previously, she was a gourmet who only looked for desserts in famous places, but these days, Goongi was just looking for ordinary snacks as if she wanted to get lazy. What she does all day long by Jaehwang’s side was to surf the internet or watch some drama. But these days it’s hard for Jaehwang to look straight at her.

She flipped her arms a little over the quilt to reveal a voluminous cleavage. What about the smooth flexion over the quilt? How did she notice when Jaehwang glanced at her? Goongi fluttered the blanket with a stealthy look, each making a dizzying scene. Yes, lately she wouldn’t want to put any clothes on herself.

When Jaehwang asked her why, her answer to him was this.

“That’s because it’s breeding season.”

Then, she looked at Jaehwang with a lousy look, and if he were an ordinary man, his eyes would have turned around and jumped on her. Of course, Jaehwang was not a rock, so it has been a long time since the two had a sexual relationship. Jaehwang was a healthy man. If a beauty, whenever there was nobody around, would get naked and clings to him, no man would stand that.

But now was the time for training. Jaehwang, trying to pull himself together, closed his eyes and opened the status window.

Then, a broken status window appeared in a mess. Jaehwang was into analyzing such conditional windows these days. Of course, this was also a kind of training, he was reverse-engineering the Earth Defense System known as SAVE. He was learning new things by analyzing the traces of God left in the system. The funny thing was that it was strangely similar to the work of computer programmers that Jaehwang studied.

Jaehwang’s ultimate purpose was to access the vast knowledge report SAVE has.

SAVE was just a cover, and its true higher system was the Akashic Record, a library of all the knowledge of the Earth. No, calling it the Akashic Records was defined by human standards and it’s not its real name.

As Jaehwang learns them one by one, what he realizes these days was that a true god was more of a robot. The cycle of life was fair to all living things. Therefore, it was meaningless to distinguish between good and bad, and in conclusion, it was meaningless to argue whether it was a good god or an evil god. In itself, everything was just a product of nature.

The same was true of God. Even God was one in the great world. Getting to know God one by one, the contemplation of human beings was constantly progressing. What was seen from the eye level of a human being and from the eye level of another human being was different.

The existence of human beings in terms of life was rather harmful. For a simple example, humans were cancer cells. Is that too extreme? The existence of human beings was more of a harm than a good one in the position of God’s. Of course, one might say that humans have a consciousness and can self-purify themselves, so they shouldn’t be seen as such negative aspects; but from the Earth’s perspective, they don’t have to take risks with dangerous creatures like humans.

The reason he thinks of this was that there was a need to shed light on the underlying cause of the SAVE system. No, maybe it was better to say that Jaehwang was standing at the point of a decision to suggest a path to become a god. Jaehwang had once seriously asked Goongi about this problem. He felt anxious that his character was getting worn out, and at the height of his extreme, his commitment to raid monsters was almost gone.

Goongi then suggested Jaehwang one way to find the answer and that was...

KNOCK KNOCK.

“Volunteer Hyungbin! Are you up?”

“Yes.”

At the sound of a knock at the door, Jaehwang got up from his seat. After wearing a uniform that was hung on a hanger, he roughly smooths his hair. As he stepped out the door, volunteers like Jaehwang stood rubbing their sleepy eyes.

“We shouldn’t be late for the assembly.”

“Okay.” Jaehwang walked after them.

The number of volunteers staying in the same building was about 50, and nearly 200 people, including those in other buildings, were said to be staying at home and serving.

“You’re having a hard time, aren’t you?”

“It’s all right.”

“But the facilities here are pretty good. I’ve done a lot of volunteer work here and there, and I think because this one is run by a rich hunter, the facilities are nice. Phew...”

“Oh. Yes.”

“By the way, Hyeong-bin. Are you going to be okay? It’s hard for a young man to do this...”

“Yes.” Even if he gave her a short answer, the woman didn’t stop talking. What face would she make if she knew that the rich hunter she was talking about was in front of her?

“Will this really help?”

“Yeah. Think of it as a pre-experience for our future children.”

Sigh.

“It’s a joke. Oh, my God. Do you hate kids?”

“Well...” A child was an unknown creature because, in Jaehwang’s life, he had little to no contact with them.

“Just give it a try. Don’t think about such grand topics as “Realize the Nature of Man”. Just go through them. I don’t think it’s totally useless.”

“All right.”

What Goongi said was to mix and experience life among people. What Jaehwang lacked was the communication between human beings. Goongi pointed it out and Jaehwang agreed, so he came to volunteer at a place called the Martial Arts Nursery in the welfare district he had created. Of course, his status was a sham.

Not even the most Hunters could recognize Jaehwang’s true face if Jaehwang distracted them a little bit, so with a simple instruction from Irumi, Jaehwang was able to come to the nursery the next day as a naive college student named Cho Hyungbin.

After the morning assembly, he had a simple meal and went to a class of five-year-olds he was assigned to.

Ehhhhhhhhhhh!

murmurs...

The children who woke up from their sleep began jumping and screaming,

whether they knew that Jaehwang was coming in or not.

The teachers were arranging the blankets for the children in between.

A little boy drooled and stuck to his leg, applying saliva to his uniform pants.

“Please collect all the blankets and put them in the cart.”

Passing over the sheets that were peed on all night long, the teacher looked at Jaehwang had him pile them up in a cart outside the door. With the other volunteers, he took them and divided them into super-sized washing machines placed in the laundry room to have it cleaned. They were one-touch washing machines that could even include dry functions, but the work took about an hour because their load was heavy. While the blankets were spinning in the machine, he started cleaning the room with the other volunteers.

Because of the eyes around him, he did not use up his strength as a hunter. It was now the time to play with the children now that the cleaning time was over. When he went out to the playground, the teachers were playing with the children.

The characteristic of the Martial Arts Nursery was that it hires far more teachers than any other normal nursery school, which reduces the stress that the teachers were under and allows them to pay more attention to each child. Jaehwang was assigned with a teacher to help him work at the assembly, and she was a gentle and affectionate woman in her late 30s with the last name of Chae.

When he approached her, she looked pitifully at the children on one side.

“These are the new kids. Did you hear that during the assembly?”

“Yes.”

Recently, there have been more children in nurseries and ironically, many of them came from the Kingdom of the Three Sky religion in Elus. About 20 children crouched in a corner of the playground and glared around.

“I can’t get them relaxed at all.”

The other children were playing briskly, but these ones didn’t even move.

Maybe some of the children lost their parents to Jaehwang. Considering the scale of the crime done by the Kingdom, the defeat was done in a short period of time. It’s been said that the damage was incredibly small, but it was true that nearly a thousand people died anyway. Of course, it wasn’t that he regretted what he did. If he had tried to break down the Kingdom in a normal way, he would have asked for much more blood. The Kingdom’s people were cruel, barbaric and knowing such characteristics as well as their combative nature, the Earth could not lay a hand on them. When Jaehwang broke down the roots of their faith and wiped out all the high-ranking officials who would lead them in a single blow, they surrendered. If the confrontation were tense, thousands or tens of thousands more lives would have been lost. To resume the story, the kids were only 3 to 5-year-olds, but they were wary of everything around them, they were afraid and showing their hostility towards the other kids.

“I’ve heard about the children in the assembly.”

The children were supposed to be mentally treated, but the manpower has yet to be saved.

“Argh!” One of the teachers held a child’s hand slightly and the child bit the teacher’s hand. The teacher’s hand was dripping with blood as if it was bitten hard.

“Are you all right, Mr. Han?”

“Yes, yes.”

“Hurry up and go to the nurse’s office.”

“Okay.”

Another teacher takes Mr. Han whose hand was bitten to the nurse’s office. The teachers’ eyes were filled with sorrow because the children refuse even those teachers who take care of them.

Jaehwang, who watched the scene silently, expressed God’s power to the children without anyone knowing it.

Swoosh...

Jaehwang carried a spirit of will towards the children. The will was stability and peace. As the energy covered the children, the fear that had been in the eyes of the wary children became thinner. Then, they crept towards Jaehwang as if the water were flowing to a low place.

“Huh?”

“The children...”

Jaehwang was also a little embarrassed by the unexpected response. The power of God was so high that ordinary people didn’t even notice the transfer. But the children came to Jaehwang because they knew what happened. Even the teachers looked at the scene with astonishment. The children who were hard to get close to were closing in on this young volunteer.

However, as the teachers tried to approach Jaehwang, the children were still wary of them.

“Look, Hyung-bin,” the teacher said to Jaehwang while looking at the scene.

“Yes.”

“I’m sorry that it’s your first day, but since these kids aren’t wary of you, can you take care of them for a while? In return, I’ll let you out of the small cleaning business. Please do it until we have more teachers in charge. The person who went to the nurse’s office a little while ago was also in charge, but I think you’d be a better fit to it now.”

“...”

#2

Jaehwang, who took care of about 20 children due to an unintended incident on the first day, unexpectedly became a teacher from the next day onward. Such things were not supposed to happen, but the welfare district itself was in the countryside that it was hard to bring in teachers with the certificates needed for special education. The facilities were good, but they are still short on time and lacked manpower for recruitment

.

Jaehwang ordered Irumi to secure enough manpower to drastically increase the budget, and dozens of teachers who were contained in several tour buses came and were placed in nurseries a day after giving their orders.

But the problem didn’t get solved that easily.

“Teacher Hyungbin, I like you!”

“Go away!”

“Ahhhh!”

The children never fell away from Jaehwang. They wouldn’t stop that even when the other teachers were trying to comfort them. The children followed Jaehwang all day long like baby birds following their mother.

“I don’t know why these guys follow Hyungbin like this.” Ms. Chae couldn’t understand this young man, who seemed naïve and indescribable in her eyes, showing no talent for parenting at all. He was neither nice to the children nor opened his mouth unless he had something to say. Strangely enough, however, the children followed him.

The funniest thing was the time when he needed to put the children to sleep.

Since they were mentally unstable, their vigilance was beyond imagination even when they slept. There were no separate rooms for those kids so that they could get along with the other normal children, so when the children slept together without using a separate room, they slept quietly, but when this man was away for a while, the kids would stand up and cry at the same time.

“Oh, I really don’t understand what’s going on.”

To her eyes, that young volunteer was totally incomprehensible.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 265: Jaehwang at Martial Arts Nursery – 2




#1

A month has passed since Jaehwang volunteered at Martial Arts Nursery. Originally, a volunteer would have gone back but at some point, Jaehwang’s name was changed from ‘Volunteer Cho Hyungbin to ‘Mr. Cho,’ and the three to five-year-old children in his class were called the ‘Brave Little Ones.’ What’s funny was that 10 of the 20 children whose condition improved were moved to ordinary teachers’ rooms, but the number of children Jaehwang had remained the same. Under the Martial Arts Nurseries principle, there should not be that many children assigned to one teacher, but Jaehwang still had 20 children because the number of orphans from the Kingdom now stands at around 200 and the Nursery figured that it was much better to leave them to a young volunteer named Cho Hyungbin than the ordinary teachers.

“That’s amazing.” Again today, Ms. Chae recited to herself, looking at Mr. Cho through the window standing with students in the playground.

Jaehwang was standing still and looked down at the children playing with his arms crossed. From a child care teacher’s point of view, it was the worst thing a teacher could do. The teachers always make it a rule to keep their eye level with a child. Also, arm-in-arm in front of children was a bad behavior that could be repulsive to them. The problem was that all such common sense was useless in front of Mr. Cho.

“Teacha! Teacha!!”

“Woah!”

Four volunteers have been put on for him, who lack basic knowledge, but they don’t have much to do either. Adults must not take their eyes off from the children at any moment. Those children, however, were around him and playing like normal children. It’s such a natural scene, but it was almost a miracle considering that those children were the most demanding children once.

“Please be prepared to wash the children.”

“Okay.”

The new volunteers know him as a teacher.

Obviously, he’s not very good at handling children, but when he said something, the children didn’t rebel a bit. Rather, they were busy getting up from their seats and standing next to him as if they had been waiting for his words to come out.

Ms. Chae even thought he was Hunter.

To explain the miracles he was causing, she searched the data and found that among the hunters, some were mentally specialized. But it’s just a possibility; she didn’t understand how it could happen.

Hunters with mental skills were expensive because they were rare. Even if their grade was normal and cannot be used for combat, they would usually go for high-income professions and don’t come to places like this one.

Anyway, thanks to his presence, things are gradually becoming stable.

“Ms. Chae.”

“Yes, sir.”

When the director came in, she bowed her head.

Originally a professor of social welfare at the university he graduated from, the current director quit school and became the head of the school after the Master Archer built the largest welfare complex in the world and poured astronomical sums of money into it for those who had been alienated from society.

“Would we be getting five new transfers for the Martial Arts Nursing Home tomorrow?”

“Yes, on the sunshine, moon, stars, clouds, and the sky rooms.”

“I hope we’re well prepared, okay?”

“Yes, I’ve had a lot of teachers lately, so it’s been easy. And since it’s close, I planned to make it look as if we were going on a picnic.”

“Good for you.”

This Martial Arts Welfare Complex was honestly more like a small city than just a complex. It was not just built to accommodate the underprivileged. There were not only two university hospital-level facilities, but it also had elementary, middle and high school facilities and all sorts of entertainment facilities from sports stadiums. In short, it was a place where a child had everything he needed to be born and become an adult. But then, it wasn’t just a place for children. There were also large towns for adults, and all of those facilities were for the best. Of course, unlike orphans, the conditions for moving in were very strict. Conditions were not social status or money. It was decided on the basis of whether or not the individual really needed help.

Anyway, the Martial Arts Nursery’s president was hoping for a synergy effect by linking the Martial Arts Silver Town and Nursery together these days. They both needed attention and love.

“Oh, and the governor and congressmen are going to visit in four days, so please tell the other teachers.”

“Okay, sir.” At the director’s words, Ms. Chae nodded.

“They’ve been begging to visit us once before, so just give them a quick tour. And you should never give volunteers a hard time with things like unnecessary cleaning.”

“Of course.” At the director’s words, Ms. Chae smiled.

Where she used to be, the principals would ask the teachers and children to clean up every day from a month before the visit by people like them. That man did not hesitate to mobilize the hands of a little child for finding a weed on the flower bed. The reason, of course, was to receive a penny more from the state. There, the children had to stay around the visitors all day for photographs.

But the head of the Martial Arts Nursery didn’t like them very much. He thinks such visitors were of no help to children’s emotional development and parenting. It’s so natural that national taxes were used for orphans. It was in itself inappropriate for those who enforce it to use it as a means of power.

The orphans would grow up to be one fine adult. That adult will be one of the members of the state and will make the country stronger and pay back the funds invested by the country, so there was no need to be grateful at all. Since the president had such a mindset, he only makes the announcement clear four days before his visit.

Of course, he could think this way because the Martial Arts Nursery, or the Complex itself, did not receive a single state support. It was a welfare complex maintained purely by the financial resources of the Master Archer. Of course, the government, which strives to impress the Master Archer, was providing administrative support for all the funds that Jaehwang was pouring into the welfare organization by giving tax breaks and all that, but those were just petty things.

“It’s been prearranged not to allow the visitors inside the building, so keep that in mind.”

At the director’s words, Ms. Chae spoke in a slightly uneasy voice. “Then wouldn’t they be upset?”

“They’ve come to take a picture so that they can get a line in an article that says they’re supporting the welfare complex created by the Master Archer.”

“Yes, sir.”

#2

“Aba ba ba ba..”

“Sam-soo, don’t eat dirt. Hyun-ji, you should play well with Sam-soo.”

“But Sam-soo is not funny because he can’t talk.”

“Remember your promise to me, Hyun-ji?”

“Yeah! Keep your word!”

“Yes, I’m counting on you.”

A little girl answered, then she grabbed Sam-soo’s hand to take him to a group of children. No matter how unalerted the children could become, he cannot move them like robots.

“Brave class.”

“Yes!”

The children rush to answer Jaehwang’s low-key words.

“Be friendly to your friends.”

“Okay teacher!”

“Woah. The children listen to Mr. Cho very well.”

“Oh, no-no.”

Jaehwang shook his head but the volunteer, knowing that he only opens his mouth when he talks to the children, kept asking him questions.

“But is that true, Mr. Cho?”

“Yes? What?”

“There’s a saying that you’re the one who came down from the Martial Arts House to inspect the dark. Well, it is just a rumor, and it doesn’t matter to volunteers like us, but if you’ve come down from the Martial Arts House, have you seen the Master Archer?”

“No, I just applied because I was interested in the Nursery and while others call me a teacher, I’m actually just a volunteer like you.”

At his answer, a generous woman who appears to be in her late 40s nods her head.

“So it isn’t? That’s all the chatty ladies talk about. Haha. By the way, which school do you go to? Hm, seeing how you deal with children, is it social welfare? Did you go to the army?” She never stopped talking as if she wanted to get all the answers to his questions.

That’s when the smartphone rang in Jaehwang’s pocket.

“Will you look after the children? I’ll be right back.”

“Oh, yes, go ahead.” When Jaehwang took out his phone and checked the screen, she nodded so as not to make him worry.

When he disappears from their sight, the children might be a little nervous, but they’ve lived with the volunteers for the past few days, so they’re enough.

It was when Jaehwang tried to walk away with his phone, a child toddled on his leg while rubbing his head. The most recent kid, Jubin, who just came in, was a child who had been left at the other people’s homes because both of his parents were preyed on by monsters a month before the Kingdom of the Three Sky religion broke down. Even the family that was entrusted with him must have been unkind — the kid was always nervous and was not properly toilet-trained. Sadly, he was a poor kid who couldn’t sleep at all unless he was in Jaehwang’s arms.

Jaehwang knelt down and hugged the child tightly with a warm expression. His initial purpose was to take a step closer to the path of God but now, he didn’t care about that. People say that Jaehwang was a big help to children, but it was only half right. Rather, thanks to these children, Jaehwang has recently been able to look back on what he lacked. No, not to mention this grandiosity, just being with these kids made him feel so comfortable.

He didn’t know when was the last time he’d been so relaxed compared to what’s happening now. Jaehwang intends to visit here steadily from now on. Though he had made numerous achievements, he thought that the best thing he had ever done was to create this place.

“Jubin, I’ll go take pee and come back.”

In Jaehwang’s words, the child gives Jaehwang a small pinky finger. The expression of a child who stuck out his fingers was full of determination as he knows what this means.

“Okay. Promise...”

Although his fingers were so small that he barely managed to touch Jaehwang, who promised the child with a finger crossed, he soon took his phone and headed to a quiet open space on one side.

Jaehwang, a little far away from the children, soon took the phone to his ear.

“Yes Irumi, go ahead.”

“Yes. Jaehwang. Approximately three hours ago, a mana-change that was expected to be a gate appearing was detected in Paraguay. Local research shows that the lowest intermediate-level gate will be created, and the type of gate will be determined to be connected to Dark Earth.

When was the gate most dangerous? When it was just created. Of course, opening the gate did not necessarily mean that the monsters would pour out, but a wave, whether big or small, would happen. The Dark Earth Gate, in particular, was home to troublesome monsters, and many sacrifices were inevitable to prevent it.

There was also a way to seal the gate permanently, but with a mana wave of the lowest intermediate level, its size could generate the maximum gate size that occurred in Tokyo. In that case, the probability of failing to seal it was also large and the World Hunters Office sent a request to Jaehwang for assistance in order to secure the people’s safety.

“How much time is left before gate’s activation?”

“In as early as ten days.”

Jaehwang nodded as he counted with his fingers. If he makes it a schedule of about a week, it should not disturb his promise to go on a picnic with the children.

“I’ll be free for a week or so. Please reschedule it and arrange it to finish it as quickly as possible.”

“You’re a week or so. Do you have another schedule? If that’s important, you can reject this one.”

To her knowledge, Jaehwang, who had not had any recent work but was making a time limit, was seen as if he was doing something big. Of course, it’s just a picnic promise with the children, but she wouldn’t know.

“No, it’s alright. How is the purchase of the land around the welfare complex going?”

“The work is going smoothly. There were some people asking for more than the set price, but most of them were outsiders who came in for higher land prices, and the government designated them as anti-speculation zones, and they were all negotiated at reasonable prices.”

“All right. In the future, set the direction for the creation of a relevant department. You can’t be in management forever.”

Irumi was now in charge of all the affairs of Jaehwang, but her essence was a Hunter. She was a nine-star Hunter who was close to Kwon Je with the help of Shin Duk recently.

“No. If I can help with your work...”

“Wait a minute.” Jaehwang cut off Irumi’s words and turned his head.

Although he was far away from the children, he could see what the children were doing with his eyes closed. But now, strange airwaves have been detected within his sphere of influence and he could feel the children’s airwaves fluctuating with anxiety.

“Who’s here...”

With his words, his new model vanished from where he was standing.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 266: Jaehwang at Martial Arts Nursery – 3




#1

“Hahaha, dear. Let’s smile!”

“Ahhhh! No!! no !!”

A thick hand grasped the child’s shoulders. It looked like he’s hugging the child, but his strong grip almost bruises the child’s skin under his clothes.

“It hurts!”

“Goodness.. that’s annoying.” The old man, who was sitting affectionately in front of the child and trying to take a picture, erased the smile he was making like a tattoo when a bodyguard holding the camera shook his head.

“Argh!”

“Teacher Cho!!!!”

“Ahhh!! Teacher!!!”

The children were crying in a hoarse voice. The volunteers tried to soothe the children, but they couldn’t stop crying.

“Hey, volunteers! Try to comfort those children!” The secretary shouted overbearingly, but the volunteers were not enough. They stood as a background to the peaceful scenery created by Mr. Cho’s students in the first place.

“You don’t have to take a picture of these kids, do you sir?” The secretary said to the congressman, who plucked his seat by pushing the crying child to his side as if he was annoyed. If it were an ordinary orphanage facility, the director would have prepared a suitable child for taking pictures, but he couldn’t expect such convenience here.

“Hey, Secretary Byun.” At Hong’s words, a middle-aged man called a secretary bowed.

“Yes, Mr. Hong.”

“If I let the press know that I care about these kids from the Kingdom of the Three Sky religion, which is related to the Master Archer, do you know how many votes I’ll get from the public?”

“You are right, but this is where he is investing his own money. If anyone says that someone is treating the children here harshly....then...”

“Hahaha. Who here would talk like that?”

Hong looked around and said as if he wanted the people around him to listen.

At Hong’s overbearing eyes, the volunteers who took care of the children also lowered their heads for fear of eye contact with him. No, rather than being afraid of him, they must’ve been afraid of his bodyguards standing around, wary of all sides. As if to advertise that they are hunters, they wore a black leather bag that looks like it contains a cold weapon on their backs.

Although the gates were fully stabilized in South Korea, the monsters would still appear from time to time so those with high social status tend to carry around bodyguards made up of hunters. And Hong, who was here now, was a senior member of the current ruling party and had about a dozen hunters on his side all the time. He could receive death threats too from those who were unhappy about his policies so it really was useful to keep them around.

“That girl looks fine. Bring her to me.”

Rep. Hong said, pointing to a slightly older girl who was caressing the other children. She seemed to understand what was going on by the way she comforts the other children.

“Yes. Rep. Let’s just take a picture with her then we’ll leave.”

“Oh, my God, what a worry! All right.” He nodded reluctantly, frowning while knowing that he didn’t want any more trouble here. Then, the secretary shouted at the bodyguard who was on guard nearby.

“Hey, get her.”

The face of the guard, who stood still and was wary of his surroundings, was slightly distorted by the yell of the annoyed secretary. The guard recently got a job as a security guard for the congressman and lately he had not much work to do and was quite free from danger. However, it was not always easy because of such situations as now.

Whenever this man of no star acts arrogant and speaks informally to himself such as “hey” or “You,” he feels uneasy. He strode toward the child the secretary had pointed, determined to somehow line up on the Clan side and get out of the country or anywhere as soon as this job was over.

“What’s your name, kid?!”

The words that came out were rough because he was in a bad mood. At his word, the girl who was caressing the crying children and blocking the adults as if to protect them said, “I’m Hyun-Ji.”

“Yes, Hyun-Ji. Let’s take a picture with that grandpa over there.” He tried to say the name as softly as possible, but the eyes of the child named Hyun-Ji were full of vigilance. Still, she hesitated because she thought that the men would step away if she just took a picture. The man, who couldn’t stand the short moment of her hesitation, grabbed Hyun-Ji’s arm.

“Gosh! You’re annoying. I just need to take a picture.”

“Oh! It hurts!”

The scream in the child’s throat hardened his countenance. It was when he tried to raise his voice to the child again that, in a blink of an eye, there was a pair of sneakers that struck his face.

POW! AWK!

The sneakers that hit his face soon hit his ankle, and the man was down on the ground.

There was a moment of silence in the hall.

Maybe it was because all saw such an absurd scene. Except for the owner of the sneakers, no one had even moved as if all the thinking had stopped.

The cool voice of the owner of the sneakers echoed in the hall. “Volunteers, please lead the children to the Animal Farm. You can tell Mr. Cha, the manager of the animal farm, that you guys came a little early because you had work to do.”

“Ye-yes.”

With his usual calm voice, the volunteers, who came to their senses, began to move mechanically as if they were robots. The same goes for children. The children, who had cried so hard just a moment ago, looked at the owner of the sneakers and stopping crying.

Jaehwang told the children, “Brave Bites! I have to talk to these bad guys, so go ahead and stay at the animal farm, okay?”

It’s a normal voice, but it contained God’s will.

The will comforts and embraces the children that were wounded with the pretty shocking scene of Mr.Cho’s performance, who they trusted and followed.

“Yes teacher.”

The children went out of their seats and followed the volunteers. Until the volunteers and the children disappeared from their sights, all the people in the hall could not even move their steps as if they were enchanted. The moment they were gone, sparks rose from Jaehwang’s eyes.

The atmosphere in the hall changed in a breath. It seems to have fallen from the flowerbed of heaven to the bottom of hell.

“How dare you...”

THUD...

The earth began to vibrate slowly. Even Jaehwang was unfamiliar with such feelings of anger that were now going out of control.

It feels as if it was imprinted deep in his DNA, awakened from a deep sleep with a trigger a little while ago. The proof that he was enduring was that no one was dead yet. None of these people would be alive if he had expressed his anger without controlling it.

“If you don’t want to die, go away,” Jaehwang said to an old man in his 60s, wearing a windbreaker and appearing to be their leader.

His words moved the old man’s mouth. “Do you know who I am?”

A young man appeared and spoke in a terrible manner.

“I’ll get to know who you are, but you’ll get lost for now.”

“Huh, you’re a bold guy.” He might sound resolute but he was a politician. He knows how to hide one’s anger in laughter. With his half-naked hair combed back and wearing matte-glasses, his thin eyes narrowed.

Who was he? He was the current leader of the opposition party and a three-term congressman. And these days, he was once again recognized as the next presidential candidate for being the kingmaker who established the president of the previous administration. He had already been offended by the director’s response to his arrival here, but some clumsy man dared to step on his bodyguard. No, it must be the Villain. The young man, who had been struggling for a long time on the strength he obtained as if he won a lotto, dared to step on Hong’s own serviceman.

He thought that he could teach this young man the fear of reality. There was no one around here anyway.

“Guards.”

THUD!

His bodyguards quickly blocked Jaehwang’s way and pulled their weapons out of the leather cases they were carrying. Various cold weapons and ferocious automatic rifles popped out.

Claw...claw...

Their bullets were loaded and the safety pin was released. The Nursery was on the verge of a flurry of gunfire. Looking at their hands, Jaehwang muttered quietly, “This is where the children live, so those dangerous things of yours...”

SWOOSH...

As he swept his hand from left to right, the weapons in the guards’ hands flew sideways, as if someone had blown them away.

“...are not allowed and for the sake of the children’s emotional development, such a threatening look...”

SWOOSH...

As he flicked his finger, a wave of air that started from his hand exploded, causing concentric circles, and the hunters who were exposed to it collapsed in their seats while holding onto their hearts.

“I’d appreciate it if you could avoid it.”

When Jaehwang mixed hostile mana and lightly released it, the Hunters’ mana engines exposed to it were like pouring diesel into a gasoline engine. They immediately malfunctioned and began to attack the Mana Road of their hosts. If Jaehwang didn’t solve it himself, they would have to stop hunting for good and if they tried to resist it, they would be ruined. It’s a cruel trick to turn your opponent into a half-disabled person, though it’s not apparent. However, Jaehwang apparently showed some generosity.

He couldn’t just spray some blood on the place where the children were playing.

“Who..who the hell are you!?” When all the trusted guards fell to their seats, Hong’s secretary, who realized that his opponent was a formidable top villain, shouted out in a fit of fear. Of course, Jaehwang didn’t want to answer that question. No, he doesn’t have to answer to him.

As Jaehwang passed the spirit of anger on the eyes that met him, the pants of the secretary who was exposed to it began to get wet. It was not through the retina, but the power of God was beating his spirit directly. His usual resistance was nonsense.

“Ugh...!!!” He rolled his eyes back and fainted.

Now, it was only Rep. Hong who stands. He faltered back and shouted. “Do you know who I am?! How dare you, Villain, threaten the representative legislator of this Republic of Korea! Don’t think you’re gonna get away with this! Oh! You son-of-a-bitch! Back when I was a prosecutor, I screwed up many guys like you!” His voice, which had been quivering at first, soon began to roar. He was a prosecutor in the war against Villain but luckily, the drama presenting him as a great character aired and made a hit. Hong used it well to enter politics. He was famous for not hesitating to say improper things in elections as if it were true, even though the image was just created by the broadcasting company anyway.

“Get the hell out of here!!” With his eyes wide open, Hong screamed furiously. It was the passion of a politician who had endured more than twenty years in the rough political arena. The problem was that now, he really met the wrong person.

Then, a group of people came running from far away.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 267: Jaehwang at Martial Arts Nursery – 4




#1

“Where are they?!” One of the volunteers ran to inform the director who was guiding the other congressmen.

If the volunteer had been a little more careful, he would have told the director only, but he ran breathlessly and said to the director, “Mr. Cho... and... the guards of the Rep.Hong!’

Surprised, the director came running, forgetting that he was around people, and the other congressmen who were with him came to see the scene. Upon arriving at the scene, they judged Jaehwang as an enemy without question because what they saw was a young man with their colleague, Rep. Hong, who was intimidated with his bodyguards and secretary on the ground.

“What the hell is going on!”

“This is a villain! Bodyguard! Get him!”

“Yes, Sir!”

The number of bodyguards who answered in unison and took out their weapons was as high as 40. They were the ones who escort the congressmen, so they were professionals. And the team leaders were five-stars, so they had limited immunity and they didn’t hesitate to overwork.

But there were people who bravely came to the front.

“Come on, wait a minute!” It was the director of the Nursery and the teachers who blocked them. Even though his legs were shaking, he didn’t back down.

“Director, are you with that villain?” One of the congressmen shouted.

“Mr. Cho is not a Villain!” The director tried to explain and instead, it added to the anger of the congressmen.

“Look at what is going on! And you, Director! You won’t be safe, either!”

“What do you mean by that!?”

“A Billon is hiding in a nursery that should be the safest place in the Republic of Korea! Do you think that makes sense?!

“That can’t be true. This area was under Master Archer’s control! Please calm down a little. Soon you’ll get to find out the truth...”

The Director was trying to stop the congressmen in any way or another. “Even if Mr. Cho was a real Villain, this can’t be true.”

“Huh! How can we trust you! Maybe the Master Archer is involved in this.” As one of them shouted triumphantly, the others nodded in sympathy. Luckily they got one. They became a party to the incident that could be a fatal flaw in the Master Archer’s name. It’s their area to take advantage of such weaknesses of their opponents and make political negotiations.

In short, they could use public opinion to attack the Master Archer.

The director’s face became anxious. The two teachers who followed the director also had a look of confusion.

“Get out of the way!”

“No!” Director insisted stubbornly on his place.

“Mr. Director!” The teachers tried to stop the Director. These threats were too overwhelming to ordinary people.

“Uh! Director!”

Tension filled the hall.

Jaehwang’s expression as he looked at the scene was strangely twisted. Undoubtedly, he took his phone out of his pocket and sent a text message.

Then, he strode forward. It’s for those congressmen.

“Stop!”

The guards stood in his way.

Hong’s bodyguards were down to the ground. The opponent showed no sign of combat. It meant that he’s at least a six-star villain or had weapons equivalent to that class, but there was no weapon in sight. That was why they should not be careless. They won’t kill, but those bodyguards were preparing to launch a corresponding attack on Jaehwang.

Of course, that was the end of their plans.

“Huh...”

“Ugh...”

THUD...

Forty people fell down to the ground like broken dolls, only the congressmen, the director, and the teachers remained standing.

“What is this?”

Everyone in the hall fell silent.

Those people were hunters and others were considerably strong in their own rights, but these men simply groaned and fell down.

“I didn’t kill them.” Jaehwang grabbed the director’s shoulder slightly.

“You, what are you? The director asked with a trembling voice, but Jaehwang did not answer his question. It’s just an empty question anyway. He led the director close to two teachers who followed him.

The director collapsed first. The two teachers who took the fallen director suddenly also soon lost their minds too, and they lay on the floor as Jaehwang took them lightly.

‘Please manipulate their memory a little bit.’

‘Why don’t you just do it?’

‘I’m still clumsy. I don’t want to leave any aftereffects on their bodies.’

‘Hmm, I got it. But what about them?’

We all know who Goongi was referring to. Six members of the National Assembly were standing. If usual, they would have escaped somehow, but Jaehwang’s will was forcing their spirits to stay.

“They could have some after-effects.” Jaehwang calmed down his simmering anger. It was hard to control at first because it was the kind of anger he felt for the first time. It was often described as cultivating oneself morally religiously. Jaehwang was realizing that this statement was very accurate.

To cultivate meant to clean the mirror inside oneself and the first thing that one needs to do was to greet themselves in that mirror. When stained by the worldly dirt, the mirror becomes blurred and if that’s the case, then one won’t be able to see themselves clearly.

That’s why the apostles seep into places where there was no human presence.

This was to slow down the stain on the mirror but that’s not the answer either. They were just afraid of the dirt of the world. It’s just a temporary getaway.

And more importantly, it’s not just wiping it off. Each time one wipes them off, the mirror finally finds its true color.

One had to go through all the disgraceful things that exist in the world and wipe them all out. Wipe and wipe, and finally get it all together so that one could look at himself or herself in their original color.

Jaehwang overcame a small test that had new meaning a little while ago. Whether it was anger, love or agony... There were many kinds of it. Just as not all anger was the same, one must awaken and overcome each and every kind of them.

Jaehwang experienced a new look of love in this Nursery.

It’s a kind of paternal love. It could be love from compassion. It might be a hormone-induced love caused by instinct based on the need to protect a child or there’s a little bit of guilt left over.

And now wiping them away had given Jaehwang an opportunity to take a step further on the path of becoming a god. He now had a more complete inner person.

He was going to check out the results now.

“I’d like to bury you all alive here, but thank the kids that I don’t want them to play around a piece of land that has rotting bodies under it.”

The moment they met Jaehwang’s eyes, they stiffened as if they had been struck by lightning.

The treatment preparation was complete. What Jaehwang was about to do now was an extension of controlling the energy around him. So far, with the children, Jaehwang pumped up the energy around him so that their minds could be stabilized. It was done by mere will, but the reality was based on a fairly complex mechanism.

The true nature of the energy that makes one’s mind calm was a reminder of the memories and feelings of when one was stable. If the method of mental manipulating hunters was simply to force the brain waves to go into “chaos” in their opponent’s head, what Jaehwang did was to awaken the memories of his opponent and heal them in their respective forms.

And...

Just as a doctor knows best how to save a person, it is a doctor who knows best how to kill.

With a better understanding of the human spirit, Jaehwang had also become proficient in how to kill the other’s mind.

“Ugh...!!”

Bubbles began to flow from the mouths of congressmen along with their groans.

Jaehwang was now looking for the traces of their most painful times and applying that into their minds. Of course, this was not the only punishment for them. God’s will could unfold it with more colorful options.

“How about ten times the amount?”

“Ugh..!!!!” Their bodies began to tremble.

“Twenty times.”

“Awk!!!!!!!!”

Jaehwang gradually increased the intensity of their pain.

He didn’t bother to proceed with it quickly. That was the punishment Jaehwang inflicted on them.

Jaehwang was also experiencing it in a small way. To determine the level of punishment to inflict on them, he was looking at the traces of sin buried in their memories. The difference between them, of course, was that Jaehwang’s strong mentality was not affected by such suffering.

And as a result of watching it all...

“A hundred times...”

Cough...

Blood slowly began to ooze from their nose and ears.

His respect for them as human beings had disappeared too. 100 times was lethal to them. If he continued any longer, their brains won’t last.

“Stop...”

“Huh...”

When Jaehwang stopped injecting his energy, their heads dropped with a light moan. This was a natural phenomenon that occurs when humans get out of pain, but Jaehwang didn’t want to know how painful they were.

They also lived without caring about other people’s pain. They make it a virtue to trample on others. At school, one learned that being a congressman was a job that empowers someone to save the people, however, there was no service recorded in their memory.

All they remembered was that they won only greater power by bringing down others and winning them over. The term “sociopath addicted to power” would be the most appropriate for them.

“Be human first.” Jaehwang’s eyes glowed brutally. Now that their brain had been formatted, it’s time to fill it in with new ones.

“I’m a little clumsy, but I hope you’ll understand.”

“Ahhhhh!”

#2

“Mr. Cho!!”

“Mr. Cho!!”

“Ahhhh!”

As soon as he arrived at the animal farm, the children crouched in one corner while clinging to each other began to cling on him as if they had seen their mother duck. There was no need to deliberately spray the energy of stability and peace anymore.

“Ah...”

“Mr. Nim...”

He didn’t have to stop them from crying. Crying was like a natural release of stress. When he rubbed their heads and patted their backs, they rubbed their eyes and smiled.

‘Ah.’ Jaehwang felt a small ripple in his heart with the affectionate consideration of these little children.

The children were smiling like this on purpose because they knew that it’s hard for the teacher when they were nervous or crying. Even such a small child tries to be considerate of his loved one.

“Mr. Cho, are you all right?” A worried-looking volunteer approached Jaehwang and said that to him.

He was standing on one side to take care of the children because the children were alerted.

“Yes, I’m fine.”

“Oh, thank God. But they’re that bad...” The eyes of the volunteer who was speaking waves for a moment. It’s only for a moment but after that moment, the volunteer’s voice changed completely.

“Huh? Why are you here?” He looked around as if he had caused confusion in his memory for a while but soon, the warmth permeated his eyes as he looked at the children.

‘How’s my skill?’

“t’s the best,” Goongi said conceitedly, but she deserves a compliment. If Jaehwang’s skill was at a primitive level, Goongi’s memory manipulation was just microscopic. Moreover, her memory manipulation wasn’t just for those at the scene. Jaehwang knew that he manipulated the memory of everyone in this nursery school.

There was no need to worry now as he had written some instructions to Irumi regarding the external details of the aftercare. If it bothers him any more, he was really going to upset this Republic of Korea.

“Come on, shall we go to see the rabbit now?”

“Yes, teacher!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 268: It’s unusual – 1




#1

Time had slipped along. Winter had passed all throughout summer and now, fall had come.

“Wow, Master Archer... he did a clean job,” one man said as he looked at his smartphone while sitting on a bench at the side of an old brick building that looked like a bunker. Inside the smartphone he was now holding, there was a huge four-legged monster falling in the dark shade.

“The 9-Tier Monster Forwor, which suddenly appeared in our German city of Hesen, has finally fallen. So for this monster wave...”

Unlike other countries, Germany did not create and call monsters by their own names. All monsters were collectively called Forwor, and only monsters that need to be distinguished were numbered and called.

“Can’t he sweep up our Canada once?”

People no longer saw the nine-tiered monster with the same level of fear as in the past. The perception of the wave was changing in a way that it’s seen as a natural disaster.

“Ha, stupid government...”

He shook his head as soon as he knew it was only wishful thinking. As quite a few experts have already pointed out and were known through various programs, now the world had not actively sought the 9-Tier Monster Raid by the Master Archer. Of course, that was not the official position. Admitting as so would make them deserve to be stoned by those who lost their families and homes by monsters.

However, the more the fear of monsters was reduced by the Master Archer, the more frequently the media in each country used the term “national assets or resources” to its own monsters. They said that that’s why they have to protect it. The monster raid of one country must not be left to the Hunter of another country.

Some countries have cautiously called for a revision of the Master Archer’s raid policy.

The current condition of the Master Archer’s raid was the right to create strategy and ownership of the nine-tiered monster. Of course, it was an undeniable fact that the voice was getting louder, although it was still only a small minority’s opinion.

The U.S. was the first to formulate a policy to deal with nine-tiered monsters in its own country.

The U.S. had already been in the strongest position in terms of monster raids before the Master Archer appeared that it successfully raided the two Tier-9 Monsters that lived in its country through a combination of the military and Hunters.

Countries with strong national power gradually began to refrain from asking the Master Archer for a raid.

Of course, the underdeveloped countries, which were still unable to handle the Tier-9 monsters on their own, were steadily taking over their territory with the help of the Master Archer.

“Jenkins! Where are you!”

“Oh, I’m out there.” At the call of his colleague, Jenkins stood up and shouted.

“Your shift has begun!”

“Okay. I’ll be right back after I go to the restroom.” At his colleague’s cry, he shoved his phone back in his pocket.

Entering the bunker after going to the bathroom, he went straight down the stairs to the basement. Passing through the thick steel door, he entered a room packed with dozens of monitors and radar-like facilities.

Half naked, his colleague, leaning on a chair and sipping a cold Americano, said, “What’s for dinner tonight?”

“As usual. Canned food and stew.”

As if he had asked what was too obvious, his colleague shook his head.

“Believe it, next time you supply, please send me some vitamin-infused fruits. You’re going to get sick later.”

He smiled bitterly at his colleague’s complaint. “Okay, let’s ask for a can of fruit.”

“Yes. Now, let’s change!” He got up from his seat and stretched himself.

The monster alert post’s schedule involves three people working in 12-hour rotations. It was difficult to even meet women, let alone loved ones because they were deployed in mountainous areas every six months. State positions and high salaries were the only reasons they did this job.

It was when he walked lightly and tried to leave the control room...

Zing! Beep beep! Beep beep!

Suddenly, with a loud alarm, the machines in the room began to operate with a loud noise. The screen flashes red, and the words “alert” immediately switches to “emergency.”

“What’s wrong with this?” The colleague, who was about to step outside, hurried back to his seat and shouted. He was surprised because the devices installed at the guard post began to ring in unison. Almost all of the measuring instruments were announcing the changes in mana concentration, which makes no sense because their area was nearly 100 kilometers in diameter.

“Is this crazy? Why is it malfunctioning?”

It was reasonable to suspect the malfunction of the device at first because it did not make sense otherwise.

“Was it like this before?”

“No, I’ve never seen this since it was fixed three months ago?”

“Believe it, how the hell did they fix it?”

According to the original manual, the first priority was to send all data, including observation records, to the headquarters after calling a colleague who would be resting at a rest area immediately, but Jenkins concluded that the device malfunctioned for now. That was the only explanation they had.

And as if he had been right, all the devices went silent a moment after.

“Damn it, I’ll have to call the repairman back.”

“Shouldn’t we report it?”

“What kind of report do you want to do? Do you want to send it? Detection of increased mana across 100 kilometers on all sides?”

A man shook his head in his words. Yes, that’s why he didn’t understand common sense.

“How much has the figure gone up?”

“Number?”

At his colleague’s word, the man who was sitting manipulated the monitor and said shortly, “It has to be a malfunction. It jumped from 3mc to 200mc in a second. And the rise is uniform...”

“200mc is the measurement limit.”

“Exactly, it’s nonsense.”

Even though their equipment had been used for decades, the mana figure, 200mc, indicates the emergence of a 500m gate in theory. No, one couldn’t even tell if it’s 500m or 700m since it’s up to the measurement limit. If they were to send this record to the headquarters right away, they will be reprimanded for dozing off or dreaming.

“Yes, it must be malfunctioning.” A man shook his head and left the control room.

It’s time to take a full rest. Of course, it’s been a long time since he’s erased the memory of the device malfunction from his head, but it wasn’t a system malfunction. They don’t know, but what they’ve been through now had happened all over the world simultaneously.

#2

A black shadow was cast over the huge landing site, which was about the size of four football fields put together. The light plate that reflected the landing site shook in the gusty wind.

SWOOSH....

A short time later, a plane landed with a strong wind. As the four rotors on all sides slowly began to stop, the people waiting around dragged their equipment towards the aircraft.

“Move!”

“Yes!”

It was Atlas, the personal fighter jet of the Master Archer. When a mechanic manipulated a large lever on the underside of the Atlas, its Dual Mana battery, which was equivalent to the size of a ton-heavy car, came down with a chirping sound.

“Hey! Don’t touch it and let it cool down first! wake up!”

There was a loud voice.

“Oh! Yes, I am sorry!”

A maintenance worker, who had just taken his hand towards the Mana battery, connected a long hose on the side to a pipe attached to the mana battery at the cry of the old man. While normal mana batteries would not require such a complicated procedure, the dual mana batteries on the Atlas were severely heated by using two seven-tier mana stones.

Because it was such an expensive battery, when the gas was not operated, liquid nitrogen should be injected and be forced to cool the battery before storing it. Then, the side of Atlas opened and a man appeared. He looked around for a moment and stepped down to the floor from the hatch.

“Thank you for your hard work,” the man with a bandit beard, who appears to be the team leader of the maintenance team, approached him and said with his head down.

Then, the man on the opposite side beckoned a giant flying object seen as a backlight.

“No, I’m afraid I came too late tonight. Let’s take a break today and do it tomorrow.”

The maintenance team leader shook his hand in his words. “No, we can’t be as tired as you are. You flew to Germany and raided the monster before coming here.”

“Haha, yes.”

Coming right back from the end of the raid in Germany, it just dawned. He felt sorry for waking those who were sleeping, and he looked at those who were working by sticking like a swarm of ants around Atlas.

“When you’re finished, let them rest a day tomorrow. Maintenance is important, but for me, your health is more important.”

“Yes, sir,” the bearded man answered, but he knew that it won’t be followed anyway.

He had no intention of pointing that out. Their thorough maintenance had left Atlas with no minor malfunctions ever happening. All the maintenance workers from the U.S., who sold Atlas, were tired and were passing on their maintenance know-hows to them one by one.

Watching the chilly autumn wind and the stars in the early morning sky, In-Yeong, who was waiting in front of the front gate, bowed her head towards Jaehwang. “Welcome home”

“Yes.”

Irumi walked quietly behind Jaehwang. “The next week’s raid at Russia has been canceled.”

“Is that so?” Jaehwang nodded at his words.

In the case of running a Clan, who usually goes overseas, they should’ve played a penalty for those who do cancel their request, but Jaehwang didn’t do that. Some of the contracts they deal with in the first place were with weaker countries, and the penalty would allow developed countries to take advantage of those with less national power

Its side effects were the case now.

“The maintenance team must be happy not having to fly to Siberia.”

In response to Jaehwang’s answer, Irumi was hesitating to say something but soon shook her head.

“Don’t be angry.”

It’s Jaehwang who already knew how Irumi felt. Recently, there have been more and more raids being canceled in this way. Of course, she was not upset simply because the raid was canceled. Irumi’s anger was due to their ambivalent attitude. Even if the cancellation was due to their choice, they announced to the media as if the negotiations with Master Archer had gone wrong. What’s funny was that when a gate occurs or a Tier-9 monster moves its habitat and causes a wave, they would ask Jaehwang again for a helping hand, and Jaehwang never rejected their requests. Irumi would want to withdraw all of their later bids, but Jaehwang had them all accepted.

“But I think we should take some actions.”

If Jaehwang uses his influence a little more aggressively, it was not possible to get a taste of business with Jaehwang this way in the first place. It was not just the U.S. or Russia. In recent years, other countries were slowly turning to the World Hunters’ Office to change the existing conditions of the raid.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 269: It’s unusual – 2




#1

“It’s a common phenomenon. And I don’t think it’s that bad.”

“...”

“My goal is not to do a Monster Raid.”

“Phew... yes.” Irumi ended up affirming with a low sigh at Jaehwang’s words,

Yes, she knew that the man she loved secretly was not a type of man seeking honor or power. Being like that part of him, she must be thinking in the same way, but it was not that easy.

“By the way, how is that going? The Mana Wave,” Jaehwang asked to change the atmosphere. He’s asking about the shaking of Mana he sensed on his way back from the raid.

“Yes, I’ve looked into it and it’s pretty extraordinary. It was now understood that the phenomenon you mentioned has been observed worldwide.”

Jaehwang’s expression got serious at Irumi’s answer. He felt a strong mana trembling as he came back. It was not just the rise of Mana before the emergence of the gate. He ordered Irumi to investigate it and it was a significant fact that the phenomenon was observed all over the world.

“What about Elus?”

“According to the information just came in, the same thing happened to Elus.”

Jaehwang nodded at Irumi’s words. “It’s starting, right?”

Jaehwang had a hunch that the three levels of total unity were just around the corner. It was exactly what Baeklin used to say. He said it was supposed to start in two to three years at the latest, and that was exactly right.

“Shouldn’t we announce it to the world?” Irumi asked and Jaehwang nodded in agreement.

The world must now also be given an ultimatum. The vested interests might slip through or not listen to Jaehwang’s words, or they could use it in their favor, as he fears.

Jaehwang had some expectations and if they ever lived up to those expectations, he would talk to them about the upcoming end and think about it together. However, they repeated the wrong past with the human power being reproduced at the disappearance of the Tier-9 Monsters with Jaehwang’s help.

“Men are true to their desires.”

They haven’t changed. Rather than liberating those suffering from monsters, they justified the sacrifice of others for their own benefit. The ones that own strive for more, and those that lack everything struggle to survive within the boundaries made by the ones that own everything.

They didn’t need the help of the present human race in the first place. There was no place for them on the expedition to the Dark Earth. Jaehwang had already been to the Dark Earth alone, and the only thing he felt while he was landing there was the fact that nothing but himself, Goongi and the Dragons could help him. To be honest, the only dark Earth monsters that came to Earth were minor ones that had been at the bottom of the ecosystem.

Previously, Baeklin forced-open the gate to push Tokyo to the brink of collapse.

At the time, Jaehwang tried to kill Baeklin with rage but later, it turned out that it was a form of vaccination. It was Baeklin’s vaccine to teach what kind of catastrophe happens when a super-large gate that leads to Dark Earth takes place in the heart of the city. That’s why the unstable gate only spat out the Ogamushi and dissipated.

If the Dark Earth gate was much larger than it was now, the separation of tiers by humans would be meaningless. What’s more frightening was that all those monsters were governed by one being.

That one being had no exact name.

When he first got there, Jaehwang was embarrassed. Baeklin used to describe it as a battle of the worst monsters of all kinds, however, it was filled with ordinary monsters, which were common on Earth. It was no different from Earth or Elus except that it had a high oxygen level and not many plants. However, just one day was enough to learn about that being. The bottom line was that it’s all just a disguise.

Ruler.

Hell began as soon as Jaehwang noticed the existence of it.

He was the ruler of the Dark Earth. It was not just a ruler. Literally, it was the kind of ruler who controls the body and spirit of all living things in Dark Earth.

Unbelievably, it had a divine nature. It was very rough, but it was definitely divine. A being with a more powerful divinity than Jaehwang, that’s the Ruler.

Jaehwang also shared his feelings with it. No, it was more like a unilateral notification than a sharing. It just told Jaehwang how it felt.

It was as if it was looking at an insignificant being. There was no such thing as a welcome to the world or curiosity about the existence of the same divinity. Only the message of submission... And from the moment Jaehwang rejected it, it began to test him.

The monsters began to systematically attack Jaehwang as if it were humans raiding monsters that had invaded the earth. Sometimes hundreds of thousands of monsters surrounded the area, and sometimes hundreds of monsters over Tier-10 attacked him.

Those who looked like the Ogamushi also rushed as a crowd. The difference was that it was 1.5 times bigger than the Ogamushi. In light of them, Ogamushi, who had been raided in the past, was just a baby.

Whenever these ones move, the earth vibrates like crazy. The land was not just land. Even that was within the Ruler’s sphere. Usually, the existence of those monsters was beyond common sense, but their appearance and size were really abnormal.

Recognizing dozens of uncontrollably powerful monsters approaching, Jaehwang escaped straight to the Earth’s gate.

To be exact, he couldn’t proceed with the raid without exposing more information on this side. He concluded that human weapons were nothing more than toys to them. Baeklin’s words were all true. So now, he was waiting for Baeklin to create the Dimension Stabilization device.

“Have you informed the World Hunter’s Office of its seriousness about this?”

“Yes, we informed it that it is a harbinger of full-dimensional fusion and the Dark Earth is intense.”

“What about the video?”

“We also released the video.”

Jaehwang did not go to dark Earth without purpose.

He’s been filming all the monsters in the Dark Earth in order to persuade the pathetic politicians who were only thinking of using the Dark Earth for their benefits. But, he’s been putting it on hold. To be honest, he was worried that the people would give up in fear when he released those videos. He hesitated, considering whether mankind could overcome the shock.

Irumi then said, “But Jaehwang, I don’t think any decision they make has that much meaning.

At Irumi’s rather cynical words, Jaehwang gave a bitter smile. She was right. Actually, there was no meaning, but isn’t it better to know and be attacked rather than not knowing it at all? Jaehwang only wanted them to at least accept that fact and use it for humanity.

If not...

He would beat them up so that they could become more sensible and look at the situation properly.

He will show them how violent he could solve things.

“I just believe in myself.”

#2

The World Hunter Office convened a special emergency meeting. It was not just a call-up, it was a gathering of secret organizations that had been kept in a secretive route. The real decision-makers of mankind... The decision-makers here meant not the president of the country but the people involved in the long-held secret organization existing throughout the history of mankind. The reason why it had an emergency meeting with these people, not the secretary-general or presidents of Hunter Office in each country was that the information from the Martial Arts House was so shocking to mankind.

The people who dominated the world behind the scenes had gathered together. The meeting was held as a videoconference because of the gravity of the matter. Samuel Lin, the secretary-general of the World Hunter Office, stood in a circular hall shaped like a giant charnel house. The name of the place was “Dark Zone.” Dozens of people in the monitors were looking down on him. No matter how ambitious he was, he didn’t want to face those people in person

Even Samuel Lin, the secretary-general of the World Hunter Office, opened the door for the first time after using it only once when he took office.

“We will hold a meeting on dimension fusion announced by the Martial Arts House to determine the future existence of the Earth. We’ve already given you the prior information and video, so please give us your candid opinion,” Samuel Lin said.

“Before the Master Archer appeared, we’ve already been constantly gathering information about the Dark Earth, but you’re telling us to ignore all that information and believe this new one?”

At that man’s words, Samuel Lin looked at him with a slightly unexpected look. One of the family members of that man had been helped formerly by the Master Archer, so he thought that the man would talk on the side of the Master Archer to some extent; but unexpectedly, his voice sounded like his mood was unpleasant.

“As you know, our World Hunters’ Office cannot ignore the Master Archer, and I think that the information is pretty credible.”

“You’re trying to escape your responsibility, Samuel Lin. You are the Secretary-General of the World Hunters’ Office, or are you just a messenger?

A voice with little contempt...

“Yes, it is. I don’t think any of my judgments about this will help,” Samuel Lin simply admitted to being incapable. Whether what Master Archer said was true or not, there was nothing that he could do about it.

“The ruler of the Dark Earth...Ruler. Yes. From the information sent from the Master Archer, he’s a true ruler. If the Dark Earth monsters that it controls became our neighbors, the human position will be put to the ground in one breath. ha... ”

“Be quiet.”

“Huh? Captain. How dare you order me?”

The figures on the monitor were briefly noisy and one black shade, which had kept its mouth shut, calmed the others and said to Samuel Lin, “Quiet. Samuel Lin, I’ll ask you directly. If the Master Archer’s words are true, is the post-convergence controllable? I trust your opinion. So speak freely,”

His voice sounded like there was honey on his tongue, but Samuel Lin was not at all relieved by those words. Just by a flick of a finger of the speaker, Lin could fall from the position of the secretary-general of the World Hunter Secretariat to the worst-ever villain. Lin, who cleared his voice, then replied, “It’s not possible right now.”

Samuel Lin answered without a bit of thought. If the Master Archer’s words were true, there was no solution for the present human race. Was it possible to even squirm?

“For now?”

“Yes, it’s absolutely impossible to respond to the attack with the current system that we have.”

“You are saying...?”

“Yes, I think we need to build the last survival front for all mankind, which was discussed 60 years ago when the Great Convergence took place.”

There was a moment of calm in the hall at Samuel Lin’s words, and...

“Hahahaha...”

“ho...”

A gloomy laugh rang through the hall. Samuel Lin, of course, was not embarrassed. This reaction had been already expected. He didn’t expect the plan of the last survival front of mankind to work in the first place. It was discussed only in the trial phase and in their position, it was an unfinished monster survival plan.

To bring together all of mankind’s power and while stopping all disputes and quarrels, all men would only prioritize the survival of mankind and unite their forces.

This plan requires that after stopping all economic activity, humanity would go against the monster. All limits on humanity’s last weapon; the nuclear bomb, were lifted. The last underground to protect humanity was built while including a plan to launch a spacecraft containing the DNA of all life on Earth into space.

“We can’t accept that fact.”

Only those words echoed through the hall.

“Also, ask the Master Archer to appear in the hall and explain the fact.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 270: Let’s do this – 1




#1

The Martial Arts House welcomed an unexpected guest. Considering this person’s position and status, this kind of hasty movement was very surprising. Of course, who he was visiting was not an average by any means.

No, he was not even considered a human.

He was the absolute man who had reached the extreme of human potential, who alone had proved that man could have the power of God.

Therefore, those who welcomed him treated him with no surprise.

“I’m Jaehwang.”

“I am Samuel Lin.” Samuel Lin looked at the man sitting comfortably across from him.

His first impression of him was chill. He was dressed in light cotton pants and a shirt, and he felt like he was sitting on a sofa in an ordinary home. The money that he had was so meaningless that he does not remember how many mansions he owned. His own wealth was not comparable.

“As expected,” Jaehwang said randomly. He shook his head with a bitter smile and took his cup of green tea on the table.

“Excuse me?”

“I already know why you are.”

“How do you ...” He hasn’t opened his mouth yet, but he already knows.

The archer uttered a word against Samuel Lin, who couldn’t believe it. “Dark Hall, Opposition, Summoning... Warn you if there is a disadvantage, right?”

“Krrrrr.” Samuel Lin, trying to drink his own coffee, hurriedly dropped the cup and coughed hard. He felt naked at that moment.

“How did you know?”

“If you keep repeating it to yourself inside, I can hear it even if I don’t want to.” As Jaehwang pounded his ear, Samuel Lin’s face turned pale.

And he quickly lifted his hidden power. But...

“You’re an unknown eight-star hunter. You better not trust three mental defense artifacts too much. ”

“!!”

No surprises here, he looked at Samuel’s head like it was split open.

He hurried to empty his head. He was almost ashamed of himself, imagining these things while he was probably living at the point in human civilization’s most critical point that all depended on this one man.

“You’re a Teletubby generation, what’s so attractive about Forbi?

*Samuel grunts*

Samuel Lin was no longer surprised. Even the most powerful mental awakeners could not look into this much detail about their opponents. His flimsy thoughts were mixed with the purpose of testing how far he could look into his mind. The result of the test was... He was not even human.

“It’s fun, the dark hall... ”

“Yeah. they...” Samuel Lin said in a hurry, looking around as a habit.

In fact, he did not intend to talk about them so much, however, the situation had turned unexpectedly.

“You don’t have to worry.”

“Sorry. It’s not that I do not believe in you. ” Samuel Lin coughed out the earphones he had plugged into his ear and swapped them for another. Then, he looked at the earphones in his hand and opened his mouth.

“Do you know the secret about this?”

“No.” Jaehwang shook his head.

Samuel Lin’s earphones were designed for Hunters.

It was an essential item among the hunters. It had a translation function, but the Hunters who use the same language must wear it too. It was necessary to clearly understand the leader’s order in the noise of battle. It was an indispensable item in a raid. In addition, it had functions that enabled the full communication with the raid supporters, the location finder, along with a few functions such as recording and music.

“Very comfortable. It’s a must for hunters.”

Samuel Lin broke the earphone in two. It’s packed with lots of stuff in the tiny device.

“It’s the most damaged thing during a raid, but it’s cheap for what it offers, so it’s also used by the general public.”

Crackle ...

Samuel Lin pulled a very small chip out of them.

“But people don’t know it exists.”

“What is it?”

“Storage. It stores all the conversations that a Hunter has.”

“Is it not its original feature?”

“It’s a different one. This one was unknown. Since it was damaged so often they come in for repairs on a daily basis, these chips are all collected at headquarters.”

“Is that so.”

It’s like an urban legend, but a more shocking fact came next.

“And level five or more Hunters’ chips are specially managed. We gather all the conversations they talk about every day, mine data with big data, and extract the information. ”

If Samuel Lin’s words were true, it was quite shocking. In addition, this fact was not known even at the Martial Arts House. The entire support team would be laid off for not finding out about this kind of feature in the Master Archer’s earphones.

But Jaehwang spoke calmly. “That’s interesting.”

“Yeah. The companies that produce this stuff don’t even know what it’s for. The supplier of this chip was one of the owners of the Dark Hole.”

Samuel Lin paused to speak and took a sip of his coffee.

“But they are not enemies.”

“You are asking me to go to that dark hole.”

“Yeah.” Samuel Lin, who expressed his affirmation, quietly took his coffee.

Samuel Lin was not on anyone’s side, but he knows one thing. He should not take Jaehwang’s words lightly. That’s why he came to Korea so hastily, to persuade him in person.

“I understand.”

“Thank you.”

“But their words are unacceptable.”

In his words, the atmosphere in the visitor room became cold.

Samuel Lin spoke in a sober tone. “Please reconsider. If you stand up against them, our World Hunter Office will not be able to help you. No, you’ll be an enemy with the World Hunter Secretariat. ”

“Do you want to go against me?”

“Never, but the World Hunter Secretariat cannot be an enemy to the other side. So, no matter what I think, the World Hunter Secretariat will be your enemy. No, not just the World Hunter Office. Everything that you have never thought of will attack you,” he spoke as earnestly as he could to persuade Jaehwang.

Jaehwang was not a man to be made an enemy, and it was not because of his power.

There was a symbolism he had. If the thing he warned of actually happens, he will be the only central point of reference in human civilization. The other side, although it would take time, he was confident that he could convince them.

“I know what you think. But now is not the time to argue with them. ”

“If you don’t persuade them, you’ll go a long way.”

This was a warning.

No matter how strong Jaehwang was, the opponents were the ones who tuned the flow in human history. Their ultimate goal was to maintain their power through the eternal survival of human civilization.

“It’s fun.”

But Jaehwang was stubborn.

“Tell them. Do whatever you want to do...”

#2

After Samuel Lin went back, their answers came back quite quickly.

[Somalia has launched a unified government after a long civil war. In addition, Somalia’s warlords, who have been split for decades, are now united in Somalia through a dramatic settlement. The United Nations and other countries have pledged their support to Somalia with their positive message on...]

[This has led to the fact that there has been a great deal of consolidation and reorganization of Hunter troops in Somalia...]

[The World Hunters Secretariat has announced the idea of ??a global super-elite hunter group that will break the old tier-based monster raid system. The announcement was made in the US...]

[In today’s announcement by Japan’s deputy minister, Takeda Okada, Japan’s delegation to reform the aging system of the existing mana stone market at a meeting of 20 OECD countries...]

Events that even by one would take headliners of all press flooded continuously.

“The attack has begun.”

“It’s pretty fast.”

Jaehwang thought that he would have time for a week but in just three days, Jaehwang’s foundations were being attacked. In Somalia alone, there were rumors that the hunters who poured in their capital, which had been contracted with Invincible, might separate and be included in the Somali Hunter Secretariat.

The Somali government was demanding a decision from Jaehwang for the United Somalia. Since it was dangerous to put the foreign forces involved in the country, an official letter had been sent in words of formal robbery, including a raid word that includes efficient use of power and appeasement to release them to strengthen Somalia’s power.

It was the patriotism of the people that wrapped it up but in reality, there was not much patriotism from the Somali. What patriotism do you want from them that have been torn for more than a hundred years? Of course, some were upset, but most were conflicting because their families and economic base were in Somalia, not because of patriotism.

There will be no immediate impact on the global super-elite hunters who will raid the tier 9 monsters or the restructuring of the mana stone market, but they would grow as a threat to the status of Jaehwang.

However, Jaehwang and Irumi, who were listening to the news, did not look very startled.

Irumi’s expression was rather bright. The reason was simple, Jaehwang no longer had to hold the reins.

They seem to think Jaehwang was against their power. Of course, they would have to do that to acknowledge his power. If they underestimated him, they would have attempted to kill them already. But there was something they did not know. What power Jaehwang was hiding ... and how cruel he could be. They were ignorant of what would happen the moment Jaehwang released his reins.

“Director Irumi”

“Yeah.”

“I allow you to do what has been postponed.”

“Thank you.” At his request, Irumi replied with thanks.

It was Irumi who was like his alter ego, and the attack on Jaehwang was like attacking the god she serves. It was an immoral thing that should not exist and should not be tried. And now, her god’s permission fell. It was the permission to bring punishment on them.

“Would you like to take a break?” Irumi said, and Jaehwang smiled.

Jaehwang had been living on a fairly tight schedule. There were very few events in which Jaehwang did not participate, including the usual 9-tier monster raids, monster waves that occur around the world, and the new gate stabilization.

He was thankful for the vacation.

“It’s been a long time.”

“Maybe the attack will get even stronger. It’s inevitable that your divinity will be hit. ”

Irumi was careful to say this because she knew the root of Jaehwang’s power who became a divine being. But, Jaehwang replied as if it was no big deal.

“You don’t have to worry about it at all.”

It’s not just words. In fact, his godlike status was already saturated.

There was a definite threshold that could be tolerated because it was still a step in the human realm, and that threshold had been met long ago. In the end, even if half of his divinity falls, it would not be a blow to him.

“Okay.” Irumi’s eyes shone wildly. The owner’s permission has also dropped, so there was nothing to hold back.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 271: Let’s do this – 2




In response to the opponents’ aggressive moves, Irumi also immediately began to respond.

Her first response was to renew the contract for hunters who had been contracted with Invincible in Somalia. It was quite a high number. As many as 6,200 hunters from three to five stars were becoming stable cash cows due to the richer Somali monster resources than other countries.

“Please bring all your Somali friends. As the precursor of the great fusion begins, we need more Hunters to defend the Republic of Korea.”

“Yes, Jaehwang.” Irumi renewed the contract with them collectively and the content quickly became a hot topic. It’s not just because the content of the contract was good or bad.

[The Somali hunters move to the Republic of Korea, with a radical contract deal that they will be dispatched to the world as hunters of Invincible... As they are directly opposed to the United Somali government... increasing the possibility of a clash between the two nations...]

[Promoting impulsive mass migration of foreign hunters to Invincible... More than 6,200 Somali hunters who have not gone through Korea’s systematic hunter release system can be a new problem in Korean society.]

[Foreign Hunters are needed in Korea?]

[A Condemnation Statement from the United Somali Government! “Anachronistic and inhumane action of Invincible”]

The domestic and international media began to criticize indiscriminately as if they were waiting for this moment.

But as far as Jaehwang wanted it, Irumi was not shaken by their challenges. On the contrary, she began to apply punishment in a violent manner. The media in South Korea ended with just a one-time stand-up from Invincible.

But the overseas media were different. They did not change easily. It was rather natural because they belonged to the owners of the Dark Hole. Of course, appropriate measures were taken against them.

The foreign media began to wield their armored swords at random, holding a broadcast rights contract that had been made in connection with Jaehwang. Originally, the right to broadcast Jaehwang’s raid was cheaper than its status. So the most common thing that went around was his videos. However, they were informed that the broadcasting rights would be changed to the open tender format at the same time and the price would be increased by at least 1,000%.

They were not an easy opponent.

The attack was omnidirectional. The pressure on the branches of Invincible all over the world began, and that was just the beginning. The raids on the Republic of Korea from China quickly broke out, and the hunters who raided abroad began to be kicked out one after another.

The same was true of the United States, which had been at distance with China. The biggest blow they took was a hit by the monster by-products and the mana-stone market. The punishment of the anti-dumping tariffs was imposed on monster by-products and the mana stones exported from Korea.

That was not it, they started attacking gate passes. If one were to defeat a gate in a developing country, they have the right to use the gate for a certain period of time. The World Hunter Secretariat started attacking that, and their reason was wild.

For no apparent reason, they confiscated the gate right claiming that Jaehwang violated the gate management regulations in Korea. The World Hunter Secretariat, by looks of it, was already on their side.

It was not just an attack on the Martial Arts House and Jaehwang, but an attack on entire Korea.

And what was Martial Arts House’s reaction?

[Armors made by 9 Tier Monster by-products will be released in large quantities for the Hunters in Korea. In addition, a domestic clan would be willing to buy the by-products sold in an auction format.]

The world’s nine tier monster body was lacking. In fact, except for the 9-tier monster Jaehwang raided, there was not enough to meet the demand of many hunters. Even with money, not anyone could buy the by-products of the 9-tier monster but in the Invincible, it was released in large quantities.

Of course, it was conditional.

Those who wanted a product in the form of an item could come to the Invincible and present their Hunter card. It’s limited to one set per person, so they couldn’t buy it for someone.

There was also a limit that the purchaser must be of at least a five-star Hunter. Honestly, if they were below that level, no matter how good the armor and weapons were, they wouldn’t be able to challenge high-leveled monsters.

For armor sold, there was a condition that it should not be sold to others and yet, the people gathered like clouds.

The price was so expensive, and the government stepped in.

The government loaned the hunter with a long-term plan of low interest. These items were made from the body of a 9-tier monster. It’s invincible from the attacks of the seven-tier monsters, and only eight-tier monsters would cause a minor injury to the one wearing it. It was a weapon made from the body of a nine-tier monster.

Korea’s Hunters’ fighting power began to rise.

The clans wishing to buy raw by-products were also specified in the contract. There should never be secondary processing sales. However, people favored the armors that were produced at the Martial Arts House and the Invincible. In a market where the price was high and fakes could be abundant, their marks have become a symbol of strength.

When this happened, the hunters of other countries stared at Korea as they drooled.

The complaints then followed in response to the reason why they do not sell overseas. Only the brimming answers came from the World Hunter Secretariat.

They were not oblivious. Even if they distorted the facts through the media, they could quickly find out what they wanted to know. It was obvious that some sort of struggle was happening on a massive scale.

You cannot buy a 9-tier monster product even if you have money, but you can in Korea.

The nation’s financing has helped the people who have not been able to buy it. Hunters have been pouring all they had on these armors, and the amusement facilities targeting the hunters complained that their sales had dropped sharply.

Some clans attempted to smuggle some armor overseas, but they were caught by the Task Force of the Korean Hunter Secretariat, which had the clan’s license revoked.

“Jaehwang, do you have to do this?”

“Of course,” Jaehwang said matter-of-factly.

Samuel Lin came back with a very fatigued face. Once again, he came to mediate, but his face turned white in a single document that Jaehwang brought out.

“This is the neglect of all those suffering from monsters, and all those who will suffer from later monsters... ”

“Hey. Samuel Lin...”

“Yeah?”

Jaehwang stopped him and looked at him with his cold eyes.

“Are they doing sublime deeds for the happiness of all?”

“...” Samuel Lin dropped his head.

“You know the story of the Boy who cried, Wolf. The threat of wolves was in front of the sheep’s necks, and they seem like shepherds who don’t go to take care of their sheep because of their pride. By the way, am I a shepherd, boy? I’ve definitely warned you. Why should I worry about what they don’t care about? ”

“You are right, but aren’t you doing an ego battle like them? This is concerning many lives. ”

“Do I really look like I’m fighting with them because of pride?”

“If it’s not, then...?”

Samuel suddenly shut up.

“Are you trying to ...”

Jaehwang just smiled lightly and did not deny nor agree to the words he said.

“Do you really want to turn them into enemies?”

“I’m done talking. The information on that paper is now being announced by the director, Irumi.”

“No, that... can’t...”

“If you don’t like it, I’ll give you a condition. The video that I gave you, Samuel Lin can directly spread into the world and declare that danger.”

“...” Samuel shut his mouth. He was probably concerned about his reputation.

Looking at him, Jaehwang rose from his seat with a smile. There was nothing more to say. At first, warning them about the dangers of the Dark Earth, Jaehwang was thinking of two ways. It was a test. If they listened to him and prepared in light of it, he would have helped them to his best ability. The 9-tier monster by-products now being sprayed in Korea would also be sprayed free of charge.

After failing the test, the second option was implemented. More innocents would die, but Jaehwang couldn’t care less about it.

Therefore, the route was changed to ensure that at least those in the Republic of Korea were kept alive.

Some might curse him, “Is he giving up without even trying?”

However, if the Dark Earth had invaded them, even Jaehwang wouldn’t be able to stop it. But if they disagree and oppose what Jaehwang was doing now, it leads to a future that could only fail.

Fighting with enemies inside and outside is not the style of Jaehwang.

He doesn’t go beyond his limit. He didn’t naively hope that he could overcome anything somehow. Only cold calculations can lead to victory.

[The Master Archer, Chun Jaehwang, will stop all raid activities as of today. He was recently wounded during the Dark Earth attack and in need of treatment and medical care...]

Just as there were no penalties for their termination of the contract, the Invincible was not responsible for it either, so the termination of the contract was easy. Of course, it’s easy on a contract, but the blame was inevitable, so Irumi lied to the world without any hesitation.

What could they do at the announcement that Jaehwang was injured?

They couldn’t put an injured person in front of a monster. Some who knew the truth were indignant, and each of the press tried to say that Jaehwang had impure intentions rather than injuries, but the people were rather busy insulting the press and the critics.

This was because the achievements of Jaehwang have been so high. The man who went around the world raiding monsters could not be lying. Moreover, they were already seen as a move to rule out Master Archer.

Of course, their intentions would have been to have Jaehwang raid until they were ready.

But he wasn’t just sitting around either. He was also busy in his own way.

#2

“Grandfather.”

Jaehwang bowed slightly. Strings of mana began to bloom from the giant body of a man sitting in a cross-legged position.

“Have you come?”

At Jaehwang’s call, the giant woke up.

There was a terrible aura in his eyes. It was unbelievably strong and bold, incomparable to him before... but it felt refined.

Those who have crossed a limit have their own enlightenment. A lone transcendent who creates something out of nothing with a will to build on an infinitely high and strong self... Before Jaehwang, in Korea, there was already the strongest who had hidden the true power of his body, the man who was rightly called the most superior among humanity, Kwon Je.

When he was stimulated by Jaehwang who was at a slightly higher level, despite being an old man, he began to be stronger and stronger. But in recent years, Jaehwang has learned that it was just the beginning.

As Jaehwang’s authority was growing incredibly fast as Kwon Je joined him with the mission of preserving human existence, he also became stronger.

Although it was helped by Jaehwang, it was a collaboration of talents, efforts, and beliefs that he was more monstrous rather than genius himself.

*Flashing*

In his rebellious eyes, a gleam flashed and then disappeared as if nothing was there.

“You’re aging backward.”

He was apparently rather young when he was presiding over the senior citizens of the party. His white hair had now turned black.

“I am so annoyed in the morning to death,” Kwon Je said, pointing at his thing.

“You should get married”

“Stop kidding...” Kwon Je laughed, enjoying himself.

Jaehwang looked at Kwon Je with a refreshed look. Some people could call it 90% effort and 10% talent, some said that it’s 60% talent and 40% effort, but they could not say who was right or wrong.

Just as every person was different, there were various kinds of enlightenment, and the constitution, environment, and effort of the person were the foundation of that person.

But the only thing Jaehwang could say for sure was that if he had competed under the same conditions, his greatest opponent would be Kwon Je.

Tss tsss tsss ...

The power coming from his two fists was not like those of before.

He was a beast with only the will to destroy. On top of that, his aura came with a slight hint of will that it would overcome anything so he would be able to protect anyone.

“I have something for you.”

With that, Jaehwang pulled out Astrafe, which was a golden recurve bow.

“What is this?” As he shook his head, Kwon Je accepted Astrafe and he looked at it with surprise.

“Legend-class artifacts...”

“If you subjugate it, you can make it in the shape of the weapon you want.”

“Funny.” It’s a legend class artifact that even Kwon Je had never seen before. He seemed to be in conflict for a while but then, he nodded. Now was the time to do anything if it could make him strong.

Astrafe shook in his hand as if it was disliking being in someone else’s hand. It was also forcefully subdued by its previous owner, so it tried to resist as much as possible this time.

“Well, check this thing out.” Kwon Je grinned for a mere weapon was resisting him. He gripped Astrafe harder

“Hmm...”

Astrafe started making sparks and attacked him.

The strength of Astrafe was too great to be regarded as a light tease. The divinity dissolved in the Astrafe began to test Kwon Je’s authority.

But rather, it burned Kwon Je’s competitiveness.

He was the same kind as Jaehwang. Weapons were just an extension of the hand. There was no such thing as compassion when it comes to weapons, and Kwon Je was more ignorant than Jaehwang.

“You little thing, let’s do this.” Kwon Je grabbed Astrafe with both hands and began to break it down.

“GYYAAHHHH”

As he began to twist it ignorantly, the Astrafe began to scream in pain. This insane beast was not a type to accept the test of weapons.

If Jaehwang tried to crush the Astrafe with his own energy, Kwon Je chose to break it by force. How much time had passed?

The rebelling Astrafe that seemed to be wrapped in white light then turned into a gauntlet. On the front of the gauntlets surrounding his forearms were long lightning bolts.

“This is nice.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 272: The man that came back a corpse – 1




#1

*BOOM*

With a loud explosion, a man flew into the air. After rolling on the floor several times, the man wriggled and raised itself up.

“You shit, how can you be attacked by so little?”

“Sorry!”

“Come back soon!”

At least she was not too unsatisfied that the man did not let go of his shield as he flew, she was yelling but there was no anger in her voice. The shield didn’t see any scratches, even though it just took the blow of a six-tier monster head-on. These days, the saying goes that one could eat ramen if they have their shields up.

In fact, some BJ tankers were only tanking with shields and broadcasting.

*SPPLLAASHHH*

A large sword sweeps through the neck of a giant monster in a row.

He did not even load his mana, but the two necks flew away instantly like paper.

“Hung, it’s too weak for me,” a man with wispy hair and sunglasses shook his sword sideways and spoke arrogantly. The two necks of 5-tier monsters, which was as strong as a six-tier monster, were divided into two. If he was a true six-star hunter, this arrogance was expected but soon, he had a spicy hand that smashed his back.

“It’s weird if you can’t cut it with a 9-tier monster claw sword! Don’t fool around and go support the others!”

“Ouch! sister! Why did you hit my head! ”

“The raid isn’t over yet! Can’t you keep up? ”

“Okay. OK!” The man grumbles and moves quickly to his position. “EEEYYAAAAA!”

The giant monster tried to crush him with its weight, but the tall tanker stood on his feet, withholding the assault before he pushed the monster to the side. The crazy effect of 50% additional strength on the shield made this possible.

“Take it!”

“Ouahhh!”

As soon as the monster’s neck was exposed, the sword was inserted in its body vertically.

SLASH!

“Kuh uhhhh!”

With half of its neck cut off, the monster roared and tried to stand up. Nevertheless, its attempt ended as soon as the second strike was made.

“KKEEEEE...”

“*gasping*

“...the raid ends...”

“Wow...”

They can’t believe it themselves.

Although armed with the best equipment, they did not want to take risks, so they stayed with raiding tier four to five monsters. It used to take 20 to 30 minutes to raid a monster before but now, it didn’t even seem like a raid.

It took them four minutes to cut them down.

The 8-tier monster armor purchased from Invincible, as well as the claws of the 9-tier monster bought with the money they squeezed out of the squad, made it feel like it wasn’t a raid but a walk in the back of the neighborhood. Drunk to victory, they went in deeper than the original plan and encountered 6 tier monsters like bad luck was on their side. If it was normal, it would not have been strange they were all killed.

But they had slain the 6-tiered monster without any damage. Normally, one would need to have four five-star hunters with tier-five equipment to beat a single tier-six monster.

“I’m losing my mind.” Squad’s main dealer, Nam-il, carefully held his sword.

Its price was 20 billion won. They could have a loan of 10 billion won from the country but they raided like this for a month, this item could pay for itself like it was nothing.

“Really great.” His friend Sun-woo, who flew away from the monster’s tail attack a while ago, was busy turning around a shield that had no scratches. Although the paint was peeling off, there were no minor scratches. With their healer’s constant treatment, he should be able to fend off even tier-seven monsters. Of course, messing with the seven-tier monsters was not recommended. Tier 7 monsters were medium to large monsters that only attack raids would touch.

“Hey, let’s take a rest.”

“Sure.”

It was a raid that was pursued a little dangerously so the main tanker and leader, Donghu, ordered a break.

“Sang Ah, how far did we come in? ”

“D3 area, it’s too deep. It will cost us 20% to collect it.”

“I can’t help it, we didn’t expect to meet this here, after all?”

A huge reptile, about 20 tons in weight, laid its body on the ground with its tongue out. The 4-ton monster beside it would look like a pebble compared to it. The monster they just raided was a reptilian monster called, Bluegigas.

Its teeth were armed with poison but that sword, which was made from the claws of a tier-nine monster, had no problem cutting through its body.

“Long live the Invincible”

“Long live what? Hey, we’re not the only ones who have this. A lot of these high tier monsters now cost garbage.”

“Did you say that China doesn’t follow the tariff policy? If they are stubborn, nobody can persuade them.”

“Even for a world’s factory, that wouldn’t work so fast.”

“Ehey, then we have to do this shit for a year to pay for it.”

It feels great for one to wield a 20 billion won weapon, but because it’s sold so much, the prices of by-products were plunging, and that realization was killing their good mood.

“What are you saying? Hey, you are supposed to be dead right now, you should be satisfied with it.”

“That’s right.” At the leader’s words, he nodded.

If it was usual, there must have been casualties. It could be himself, his sister Sang Ah, or the leader. However, surviving such attacks, they should thank those who released these kinds of weapons, disregarding its price.

“Will we head southwest tomorrow?”

“We should, this one was almost done too, but never cross the border. The information from the nearby patrols reveals that it’s possible that there were foreigners pretending to be villains to steal them some weapons.”

“Ugh, Villains...”

After the collapse of the Three Kingdoms, the Republic of Korea’s mighty villain was now only the Red Warrior. However, they were not much of a concern because they were inherently very moderate villains.

Villains who were now active in the Republic of Korea or Elus were literally hunters from other countries.

“Now let’s go back, I must eat dinner at the gate even if it’s late, and take a bath.”

Everyone nodded at Sang Ah’s words. They got up and started walking slowly. Crossing the Elus and raiding was risky, but today’s hunt enabled them to earn several billion wons.

#2

“Hook! Invincible progress!”

Everything was caught up in a lightning streak that soon started to burst into circles that smashed and bounced around his surroundings.

Thump... thump thump...

Tss tss tsss tsss tss

The lightning began to gather and rotate and soon, it began to crack, which was then followed by a heavy sound.

Tututu ... tututu ...

The things that went up to the air started falling one by one, and a giant with a long beard was catching his breath in the midst of it.

“Hoowook... wook... hoooo...” He let out a long sigh, fixing his posture and slowly controlling his breath.

“You’re great”

Jaehwang sat by Kwon Je. Originally, in the morning, Jaehwang started the morning by jogging but nowadays, he starts his morning gymnastics with Kwonje. Of course, that morning gymnastics was not the kind of quiet morning gymnastics that people think but was strong forces running around and being thrown off to the surrounding terrain.

“Okay, this should be enough to send 9-tier monsters away in one shot. ”

There was a huge pit about 20m deep and the sparks that came up were not yet radiating. It was about the size of a five-story building, but there was no joy in the face of the person who made the pit.

Kwon Je had long passed the competence level in that skill but he just had small enlightenment, so he placed his power into the Astrafe again. This was the result of it. If the previous invincibility progress was a radial storm, this current one dug straight down vertically.

“That’s enough to severely damage a tier-10 monster,” Jaehwang nodded and said, but Kwon Je shook his head.

“No, it’s still far. It must be completely separated from the invincible progress to complete it.”

Kwon Je’s Invincible progress was a whopping class of unique skills.

The first start was a special grade and the ultimate skill made unique by using the enlightenment and skill upgrade rights... derived from there would be a unique class of the same grade. If one were to make it so easy, then he/she was a wizard and a fake character.

“I think you’re rushing things.”

“Impatience is poison in practice, but I can’t help it if I think about the Dark Earth monster you showed. At least before that, I wish I had jumped over a wall...” Kwon Je sighed. Before, he did not have a clear goal but now, he has right in front of his eyes.

Naturally, he introduces himself as a demigod, a grandson who first dried his endless struggle, his grandson he hated but could not hate.

“When would I finish...” Kwon Je said like a complaint.

It was not being caught. But he did not think of Jaehwang by his side.

“Well, it’s a technique to compensate for the invincible progression...”

Jaehwang was the real wizard and the fake character. He opened his status window and grabbed a page that he barely found.

“Hmm,” Jaehwang gave him a small groan.

Dipping a finger in the vast river of knowledge was risky for even a half-god, such as himself.

The river also had ferocious fish. Their identity was still unknown. He only knew that it was a sentient being. They were the watchmen who guarded the vast river of knowledge.

If they weren’t thoroughly defensive, the unauthorized intruder would have been quite defeated. Jaehwang, of course, quickly removed his finger before they flocked. Luckily, the information he wanted was caught successfully.

“Grandfather...”

“Well?” Kwon Je, who was in misery until Jaehwang called him, looked back with questionable eyes. Normally, the grandson who never talked at this time had spoken.

“The firewalls in the save system were quite high. You may pass by in a moment. You should read it quickly.”

“Huh?” Kwon Je expressed his doubt, but Jaehwang reached out and grabbed his wrist without saying a word.

It was also his first time to transfer information to others.

“Ugh?”

Jaehwang pushed a handful of information, which he had just picked up, into Kwon Je’s status window.

It was about a skill.

It’s not a format that was inserted in one’s head. It feels like a pretty thick book spreading through one’s head once. Nevertheless, once the book was over, it could not be reversed. As the grandson said, he only had one chance.

Kwon Je focused on deciphering all the mental powers and when it all disappeared, Kwon Je whispered its name with a grin of low sighs.

“Wuji Firework Technique...”

“Do you think it will help?” Jaehwang asked.

What he has grabbed was a martial arts technique from the ancient times of Korea.

And it was only part of it. However, even that, was a miracle to Kwon Je.

“Huh, huh ...” Kwon Je burst into laughter.

It was a completely different martial art from the invincible progress, but it seems to be more helpful. It could work complementary with his skill. Anyway, the martial art was a full circle. If one were to try this, something would still be gained.

It was then, from a distance, Irumi came running like she was flying. It’s quite far, but her expression didn’t look good. Jaehwang approached Irumi as she might hinder the enlightenment of Kwon Je.

When stopped, Irumi controlled her breathing.

“Is there a problem?”

“The Baeklin you have spoken of has returned.”

“!!” Jaehwang’s eyes widened.

Finally, the long-awaited man has returned. The one who holds the key to solving all of this. However, Jaehwang started running at Irumi’s last words.

“But his condition is strange. It’s like a corpse... ”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 273: The man that came back a corpse – 2




#1

“Hey, are you back?”

As Jaehwang entered the room, Baeklin sat down and raised his hand.

Someone would think that he’s over at his friend’s house, however, Baeklin’s condition was not so good. His arm seemed to have been torn off, but that was not the main issue.

Jaehwang strengthened his gaze. At what Irumi said, he was confused on his way here so even before arriving here, he scoured the body of Baeklin, and he couldn’t believe it even though he checked it with his own eyes.

Baeklin’s body was now dead.

No, the expression of being dead was not appropriate. He couldn’t feel his life energy and he felt like time had stopped.

“What happened?” Jaehwang asked.

“What do you mean, I’m dying,” Baeklin said as if it was not a big deal. “Didn’t I tell you before? My time stopped. It’s so powerful that even as a corpse it still goes on for a bit.”

“Then, is nothing wrong with you?”

“Of course everything is wrong with me. I’m going to die soon, I’m just holding on. The mana that is holding me together can’t stay, so it will slowly collapse from the inside. I hate to feel such a terrible feeling, but... damn... but that’s not important.” Then, from the Infinite Storage, Baeklin placed a palm-sized white square box on the table. Next to it were two USB ports, which had dark stains on them.

“There’s no time, so turn it on.”

Jaehwang nodded silently at Baeklin’s words, he took the tablet out of his Infinite Storage.

“It contains the information I got when I entered it, so you’ll get a rough location if you analyze it.”

When Jaehwang plugged in the ports, a few folders came out, and there were seventy videos and location files for navigation. The funny thing was that he could see some of its hidden files too.

The title was pretty funny. ’18th Yeonggang’

The preview showed him a gathering of 18-year-olds.

“Oh that, my dark history... well, whatever, at death, what does it matter.” Baeklin, who squeezed his finger towards the tablet as if he wanted to delete it, swung his hand back with a nervous expression. Everything looked bothersome.

“I would like to explain, but I don’t know if I will last for even five minutes. You’ll have some trouble, damn it...”

“Why do you look like this?” Jaehwang asked.

“I met the strongest guy in Dark Earth.”

“Ruler?”

“Ruler? The ruler... The ruler is right. Have you ever been through it? Then it’ll be easy to explain. Okay, that’s right. I was caught by him and had to run away. Thanks to you, that aging old man’s two ghosts were destroyed and I am like this. To advise before I die, don’t go to the gate I chose. I don’t know what’s going to happen because I put a little bit of... If you are curious, look through the video. I’m going now, and erase that black history of mine, please.”

With that, Baeklin shook his hand. Then, a wave of black energy arose from his toes and began to erode his body. His face was distorted in pain and he began to age rapidly.

“I feel really dirty. Oh, and when my Infinite Storage is released, there’ll be letters out of it, find it its owner. It will be quite a lot, it’s about a thousand? Hehe...”

In the meantime, the black energy steadily ate Baeklin. Soon after, only his head remained.

“Grr...grrr...I’m sick of this. Say something. I went through shit to find this out”

“...”

Baeklin gagged and murmured, but Jaehwang looked at him with his mouth shut.

“Asshole... Damn, I don’t have anyone to cry for me before I die. Young Mi, Jina, Bridget... I’ll finally come to see you guys...”

His hair ran down like water. He was quite a beautiful man but was now decomposed into a terrible form. The time he was holding onto was now beginning to flow again.

“I’m talking to you honestly, but you... you look like a playboy. The old man said that Goongi is so hot, I envy you, asshole. Have fun and live well. ”

It was a terrible will to say before death.

Even before Jaehwang said anything, the black energy completely wrapped him up. Jaehwang silently watched him.

“Um... um... um... um... uh, why am I not dying.”

Even though the black energy was gone, Baeklin was still rolling his eyes. He looked more vivid than before. Rather, time was being reversed. His dark hair began to bulge and his wrinkled skin was pulled tight.

“Uh, uh... what’s this power? huhh...” Baeklin opened his eyes wide at the overflowing mana that filled up his body. How do you fill a broken vase with water? Simply put it in the water, that’s exactly how he looked right now.

At that moment, something grabbed Baeklin’s hair.

“You shit, what did you just say? Have fun?”

“Uhh, uhhh, who are you?” Baeklin turned pale. They say life was a choice between birth and death, and Baeklin thought, a moment ago that he just made a stupid decision and his opponents right now were monsters beyond his imagination.

*PPOWWWWW*

“KUUUUHHHHHH”

What was this pain he could feel even after he became a corpse? Baeklin shook and looked at the white gem stuck in his chest.

From there, a great amount of energy came out and started surrounding him.

“Uh oh!! OH! This is!?”

“Do you think I’ll kill you that easily?”

#2

“The location is most likely the Antarctic on the Dark Earth side.” Baek Lin was standing by and explaining the video from the screen.

One mana stone was deeply embedded in his chest, leaving only the edges out, and whenever the mana emanated, the ancient words carved into his body shed light. His one arm was still missing, even Goongi couldn’t recover it.

“Where is the dimensional stabilizer?” Jaehwang asked with a little arrogant look.

Baeklin’s eyebrows were squirming, but the monster lurking beside him was too scary.

“The dungeon is about 50 layers deep...”

“Wait, what does it mean to be a dungeon and a layer? And how do you know it’s on the 50th floor? ”

Irumi raised her hand.

Usually, dungeons just meant caves. There were monsters that could dig the ground, and they dig through the underground like ants to create endless caves. In the early days of the great fusion, these beings were quite annoying. Monsters do not make stairs for the convenience of humans. So, humans took a much easier way.

That’s where the exploration drone comes equipped with biological weapons. Depending on the size of the dungeon, only about 100 to 200 pieces at the entrance would blow up all the way. The black drone, which was being studied at Daehyun’s underground secret research institute, was also being developed to raid more than five-tier monsters inside the dungeon.

“It seems to be the work of ancient people, and there was a tombstone standing at the entrance. The letters were not recognizable, but the paintings indicated that it was 50 stories. It’s only 50m, but it’s quite deep. I would have given up on the 3rd floor if I hadn’t had infinite storage.

Irumi nodded in response to Baekrin’s answer.

“Can’t you dig through it vertically?” Jaehwang asked it was silly to move along the floor even if it’s layered.

“A strange magic is at stake. Even if I smash through it, it can recover quickly. But can I continue to expla... ugh.”

Baek Lin, who was trying to say something, turned to the eyes of the red-haired beauty leaning her head on the shoulder of Jaehwang. In fact, there were no possibilities he thought of that could result in his survival, because they spent almost all their energy to escape from there. He could barely live up to the mana that sustained his life, so he could barely move to the gate.

He couldn’t even leave any mana to heal his torn arm and gave up his life when more than 80% of his body’s blood was lost due to massive bleeding from his arm. In order to save himself, he needed a spell master like himself, at least three tier-9 mana stones, and a high-level healer who would support his life until the end of it.

But here she was

This Goongi with a deep grudge on the Thousand Years House, who he could not expect mercy from at this moment.

And it was only Jaehwang with his arms folded in front of him who would control such a thing.

“Hmm, but that’s not important.”

Baeklin opened another video file to change the mood. It showed a huge cave made of rocks. The ceiling and walls were embedded with jewels that seemed to be lighting, and space was endlessly connected. The ceiling was about five meters high.

“You cannot use the body.”

“Yes.” Jaehwang frowned. Of course, at such a height neither Goongi nor even a dragon could transform. Even without transforming, they have a similar combat power to Jaehwang, but they could not be compared to the regular state of their body. Of course, it applies to the enemy, but Baeklin’s words blocked the idea.

“Monsters here are from 8-tier to 9-tier.”

Jaehwang’s eyes widened.

Tier 8 to 9 monsters appeared at a mere 50m deep dungeon. A monster’s power was proportional to its size so that was impossible but soon, the videos started playing. First, they looked human... their shells, shaped like armor, made them look like biped cockroaches.

When his head was shaded by the light of the jewel hanging on the ceiling, the height is about 4 meters, and those are slowly approaching, filling the passage.

“The name is called Iron Wheels. It’s hard as the name says, they’re using their four legs to fight and could attack with enough force to shatter a shield capable of tanking tier-9 monsters.”

“I don’t think they use mana?”

It’s unbelievable that it rips such a shield without using mana.

“Yes, they don’t use mana and they’re strong. They could regenerate so if you can’t kill them on the spot, they’ll get up and chase you like crazy.”

The ones that Baeklin describes were now being shown on the screen in real-time.

Baeklin, in front of the mighty monsters, took out everything he had. He was not just a magician. Now used by Irumi, the warfare ability with the Dragon Blade was that of a nearly eight-star hunter.

The two ghosts he brought out and several other techniques helped with his battle but were being pushed out by pure quantities. Techniques were of no use. Whether it was a defense or fire, they would only strike through and move forward.

“That’s just the third floor?”

“Yeah, I don’t know what’s going on deeper down, but that’s all I’ve got here.”

Everybody closed their lips at the words of Baeklin. Their procession had everyone lost for words.

But Baeklin was not done yet...

“And all that stuff was under the command of the ruler you just named.”

“!!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 274: Dark Earth Gate – 1




#1

Central South America had the largest monster zone on Earth. Bordering Brazil, Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia, Colombia, and Venezuela, there was a large jungle centered on the Amazon River even before the gate appeared. Now it was combined with the creatures from Elus so in that massive jungle, there was an incredible diversity of monsters and wild animal species.

It was a hunter’s paradise, often visited by American hunters as well as the national hunters in South America. It ranges from one-tier monsters that could be raided by general people to seven-tier monsters dedicated to attacking raids and was the world’s largest hunter base.

‘Blue Diamond’

The name of the base might not seem very appropriate, but all the hunters who have visited this place would raise their thumbs, saying that only this name could fully express the place.

Blue Diamond, the city which occupies most of its bases, had the world’s largest hunter auction house and a fortified amphitheater with new and emerging sports.

Hunters and hunters, hunters and monsters, and monsters and monsters fighting, this place was a good landmark of the city, symbolizing that monsters were no longer a threat to humans.

The amphitheater, which could accommodate 100,000 spectators, was now full of silence.

Was the game that intense? No, there were no announcer’s breathless cries and no cheers. The Hunters who fought in the stadium were also looking at the huge multi-vision display that occupied one side of the stadium without any action.

Wobble... Wobble...

On the Multivision, the letters spelling, “red danger” were constantly crossing the screen, and it shows a large unknown monster trying to get out of the gate with a blood fountain.

“Crrraaaaaaaaaakkkk”

It was a giant monster of the Dark Earth who screamed in pain as it hung at the gate of 105 meters in diameter. The gate was already devastated by the monster’s struggle alone. The problem was that this was not the only situation here. Some Dark Earth gates that existed all over the world have begun their activities.

*CRUMBLE*

In the center of the city of Mihara, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, there was a dark earth gate that occurred about 30 years ago and was closed. Under the Hunter Law, the public can’t live in a one-kilometer radius of a closed gate, but its location was in the center of the city. For those who were now acclimatized to danger, the huge concrete walls blocking the gates were just part of their everyday life.

Now everyone here stopped to hear the dull ringing from the closed gate. At first, they thought it was an earthquake. Earthquakes were common in Japan. But the origin of the ringing was not so far. It was a concrete wall that blocks the Dark Earth Gate.

Kuwoong!

“What?”

“What??”

People walking on the road gathered in the barricades in front of the concrete wall.

At the time, the Japanese government vowed that there would be no danger because it was the strongest closed gate on the planet, but their faith was shaking little by little now.

POWWWWW

Along with the roaring thunder, something gigantic, presumably a horn, pierces through its thick barriers and sparkles in the sun. The faces of those who were filming it with their cell phone cameras turned pale without even thinking about running away.

“GYYYAA”

A woman’s sharp scream rang. Beginning with screams, people began to scream and run away.

Thud! Kukukung!

The rocks made of concrete fell to the ground, and the vehicles passing under it became flat on the rocks. What would he say if the mayor of Hiroshima saw this scene after he had promised he would kill himself if the gate broke through?

“Run!”

“AAHHH!”

When it fell off the gate, it looked like a small piece of debris, but it’s actually a ton of rock.

KUUOOOOOO

The falling debris was scary, but through the pierced hole, the scream of the monster was even scarier.

BOOM ! BOOM!

With a louder sound than before, the snout of the monster that probably just screamed a little while ago came through the hole. It was a mouth with hundreds of teeth, which were like saw blades. On each side of the mouth were two long horns, like those of a wild boar, which were twisted off and the concrete wall was torn apart like a sponge.

“Monster Alert! Monster Alert! Mihara citizens are advised to move in order to the nearby designated shelters or subways. I will inform you again... Monster Alerts ...”

The voice of the angry announcer rang in the distance, but no one was listening to it. The gate continued to break. How much time has passed? A giant foot-like thing popped out of the holes and stomped the ground.

ZzZZzZZZeeeeek

Its feet were so heavy it dug the ground deep.

*cars crashing and screeching*

The monster’s body slowly starts to exit the gate. The size of the monster was enough to fill the gate, but after a while, the monster that had completely escaped began to smash the streets.

But this was just a prelude, thousands of red eyeballs flashed through the huge holes that the monster penetrated, and the monsters of the Dark Earth were pouring out. They began to make full-scale hell.

#2

[Closed Dark Earth Gates Chain Explosion! The scene of catastrophe that has become hell because of the monsters that poured out!]

A catastrophic event that could be explained by this one line of headline had happened all over the world.

Today, around 30 o’clock at Pacific Time, around 30 of the world’s closed Dark Earth Gates have generated monster waves that were estimated to be 8 to 9 tiers. The magnitude of the devastation that occurred 60 years ago was unpredictable, and it was estimated that hundreds and thousands of people were already injured. The affected nations were calling all hunters with the highest level of Monster Alert. The countries that have been identified so far are Russia, the United States, Japan, China, Korea, Italy, Morocco, India, and Canada, and each country was doing its best to block the gate with all monster defense systems in operation.

“The World Hunter Secretariat is requesting the dispatch of hunters from unaffected countries to the affected country as soon as possible, but each country is refusing the request of the World Hunter Secretariat because of their own Dark Earth Gate management.”

In addition, Korea, one of the victims of this wave, was known to be successfully blocking all waves, unlike other countries.

“In accordance with the International Hunter Law, the World Hunter Secretariat issued a forced mobilization order of six or higher hunters. Under this decree, this mobilization rule prohibits all commercial raid activities, and all hunters are given command over their efforts to defend against monsters. In addition, the World Hunter Secretariat asked the Master Archer to aid the victims as soon as possible.”

The World Hunter Secretariat tried to resolve the situation quickly with a forced mobilization order. However, the countries that escaped the situation strongly opposed the forced mobilization order.

Since there was no guarantee that their gates would not open up the same, the countries tried to keep their hunters as many as possible.

Korea was no different.

No, the Republic of Korea was rather free from the forced mobilization.

While one to two gates broke out in other countries, five Dark Earth gates exploded in Korea. Fortunately, the ROK was well prepared for the Dark Earth Gate, so no damage to the civilians occurred.

Is it possible to force a victim to release their troops? At this time, both domestic public opinions and politics raised their voices not to release the Master Archer.

Only one day was enough for the world to turn over. Thirty of the 216 Dark Earth gates that have been identified have exploded.

The number of people killed in one day was 800,000, including missing persons, and the damage could not even be estimated. What made it worse was that it was still in progress.

The whole world began to talk about the Master Archer.

It’s not like there was no way to raid a tier-9 monster, but it must account for some damage. To raid the tier 9 monsters did not simply lie in the power of the hunter. Hunters and the military must work together.

There must be at least attacking raids with three of them going in and two raid teams in reserve. At least 3 tankers to tank 9-tier monsters and dealers have to be at least a 6-star hunter.

In addition, it was not only the nine-tier monsters that came out of the gate. At least hundreds and thousands of monsters appeared.

[When is the Master Archer going to appear?]

[South Korea Hunter Secretariat ‘to solve the chaos in the Republic of Korea first’ prevented the release of the Master Archer.]

Just a few days ago, the media in various countries, which were all consistent with critical articles about Jaehwang, said that only he could solve the situation.

But South Korea was silent.

#3

“Cruel!”

A huge hand with long claws picked up a bus that was stopped by the side of the road.

SSHHwaaanngg! Kwaa Aang !!!

The bus split in half, and a man rushed into it. The debris flew but the lightning strike surrounding the man protected him from all that. The monster that threw the bus to the man opened its mouth.

Zzzzwwaaaa

A long green liquid spouted and everything that it hit bubbled and melted. It’s a terrible acid that even melts rocks. The man pulled his fist back, staring at the acid breath.

Papak! Papapak !!!

Sparks started to clump together. Soon, when it was about the size of a fist, he flew towards the air and fired the sphere of lightning at the monster.

Ttuuuuuuuuwww

Flying like a canon, it hit the monster’s crown.

But compared to the size of the monster, it was too small. Is it at most half the size of the scales covering the monsters?

“Qqqqqueeeeekk Eck !!!”

A blood fountain spouted from the top of the monster’s head. The lightning ball shot by the man went through the crown of the monster.

The monster’s giant body collapsed slowly.

Kuwoong !!

A monster crashed with a loud explosion. From the place where the lighting ball dug into, hot steam rose with blood. It’s not just penetrating; it has completely cooked it inside.

Tatak ...

The man landed lightly on the body of the monster and had a beard and his hands behind his back, but there was no beard caught on his hand.

“Wow!

Shouts were heard from the surroundings, but the man shook his head with a stretched chin to see if he did not like his beard. Thanks to his grandson, he was happy to jump over the wall, but he suffered through vertigo and his proud white beard disappeared.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 275: Dark Earth Gate – 2




#1

“Wow, Kwon Je, you are great!” One of the attack captains approached and shouted to Kwon Je.

It was because he didn’t know how to raid a 9-tier monster so easily. Would you have thought that there would be anyone who could solo a 9-tier monster except for Jaehwang?

However, he was not pleased with his words.

“What is going on in other places?”

“We haven’t heard anything from E and D yet.”

Daegu and Busan.

The North Korean side and the Gyeonggi-do two were in charge of The Invincible Palace and the Martial Arts House, while Daegu and Busan were under the Hunter Secretariat.

“Hmm.” After a while, he shook his head.

Now it’s the outpost. He felt like he wanted to take care of it all, but the more he did this, the slower the other hunters had to experience. If he were to go out, he could raid monsters with less damage, but that’s not going to fix everything.

“I’ll withdraw.”

“Yes, okay,” the chief engineer responded with a salute at the end of the proposal. For him, it was an honor to be glorified just by conducting a raid with the power.

It was then when a helicopter flew down at the side of the boat and sat down. Everyone around it frowned.

Although the raid was over, it was reasonable to be sanctioned to enter the battle area in this way.

It was Samuel Lin and his companions who got off the helicopter. He looked at the corpse of the fallen tier 9 monster in amazement and soon, he woke up and came to Kwon Je with a pale expression.

Although the head of the World Hunter Secretariat appeared, they were not surprised because he had already entered Korea and was expected to come here.

“I see you, Kwon Je.”

Samuel Lin bowed his head first. It’s not easy considering his position but rather, the expression of Kwon Je who receives the greeting was calm.

“It’s been a long time since, Samuel.”

“Yes.”

The two had a face. At the inauguration of Samuel Lin, Kwon also attended as Korea’s representative. Of course, it was the opposite situation now.

“What’s going on with the busy Secretary-General?” Kwon Je said, acting like he didn’t know.

Then, Samuel Lin said without hesitation, “Do you know the location of the palace?”

Upon hearing the Dark Earth Gate explosion, Samuel Lin came to Korea shortly after having an emergency meeting with members of the Dark Hall. This was to meet the archer who would have the most information about the incident. He also brought the Dark Hall members’ declaration of surrender. They also realized that things weren’t working and decided to withdraw the line of the conflict with the Master Archer.

However, in response to Samuel Lin’s words, Kwon Je answered with a grumpy expression. “I don’t know why you’re asking for it.”

It means that they don’t have the right to talk about it.

Think about what they did to Korea. They raided 9-tier monsters that were eating up the territory of the country to help tens or hundreds of millions of people find their hometown. Was that all? His grandson ran to help anywhere in the world when a request for assistance came in. Even if he was the world’s greatest hunter, the world was wide and his body was just one.

At one point, he went around the world for over a month and confronted the monsters.

The economic gains from monsters have been generously solved for the poor and those suffering from monsters. If the world knew what Jaehwang had not revealed, they should have bowed to Jaehwang.

But what did they do?

In one day, he changed his face and the whole world bit him. They asked them to come and uncover the video they sent to warn them that they should be prepared for the dangers of the Dark Earth. Only after the Dark Earth Gate exploded, those who mistook them as if they were reigning on top of the archer, came to know that the fire had fallen on their feet.

“It is a matter of respect,” Samuel Lin said and at that end, Kwon Je stopped walking and looked back at him.

“Your logic is very convenient. The world’s reputation has been overtaken. Was it my illusion that their respect was less than your pride? ”

The words of authority were shortened. It meant that there was no respect anymore.

It was Samuel Lin, who said that he was really in pain. Kwon Je seemed to recognize him as a group already.

“I understand. You can swear with anything but now, I need the power of the archangel.”

Push!

Kwon’s hand grabbed Samuel Lin by his chest.

“Okay, that’s why I came to murmur to my grandson to release the old feelings and go for a monster raid soon.”

“Ugh ...” Samuel Lin could not escape the hands of Kwon Je. No matter how much he was as a 7-star hunter, the results would have been the same.

“Release your hand!” The Hunters who were escorting Samuel Lin pulled out their swords.

They were escorting the Secretary-General of the World Hunter Secretariat in close proximity. One could ask whether there were a total of five people... five, but all of them were not only hunters of seven stars, but also the strongest among the strongest who have wrapped their whole body with artifacts.

Before meeting Jaehwang, it would have been difficult to deal with in the past. No matter how strong he was, it’s troublesome to fight five 7-star hunters close by. However, they were just ridiculous to Kwon Je.

Pow-pow-pow-pow-pow!

“Ugh-oh-oh!”

“Gag!”

All five groaned all at once. The two dropped their arms out of their hands to see if it was hard to handle. It was too fresh for the reaction of 7-star hunters. If anyone saw it, it would have been seen as a catch for two or three-star hunters.

However, there was a profound crowd hiding inside.

Five of the mana’s unused attacks resigned because they accurately pinpointed the smack of the attack they were preparing.

“You are in poor control.”

“Shhh, how...” Samuel Lin’s eyes shook. He knew the skills of those escorting him.

They were never going to be pushed out like this. Kwon Je, who made the fist, shook his fist lightly as if he had not even given a dime. Even Emperor did not show such a feat. That concludes that Kwon Je was a hunter of 9 stars, but it was a ridiculous guess. He became a 9-star hunter in just a few years. Of course, there was no reason for Kwon Je to explain it.

“Are you still proud of the subject you came to ask for?”

“Please tell me where the Master Archer is. I will persuade him. ”

People were dying while he was doing this.

To stop this ridiculous pride fight, he was willing to kneel. He confessed all the time that he had to go first. If he had followed him, at least he would have investigated the closed Dark Earth Gate.

In his words, Kwon Je laughed.

“Will you go where he is? It’s not funny.” Kwon Je shook his head. It was a place where only the chosen ones could enter. Those who were not qualified would pay with their lives.

“You cannot go.”

Kwon Je looked at the distant sky, thinking of the land that didn’t even allow him to enter.

#2

“I always feel dirty here.”

“I agree and wonder how this land could exist under the same sky.”

Jaehwang looked up to the sky.

Purple clouds, not ash, were thick. It was not an ordinary cloud. It’s a kind of gas cloud. The body’s sensory screams when they emanate from the body of giant creatures floating in the sky into the ground like a haze.

Even if that was the evidence of the living beings of a perfect life, it feels so dirty that their body was in hell.

Plop...plop...squishy squishy...

There was no dry land. Whether it’s because of that gas cloud or something in the ground, it’s always this way. At least it might smell like Earth, giving this smell of this terribly decaying mold.

He did not take the arrow out from the infinity storage. No, he just unlocked all artifacts in his body.

Everything that comes into the senses like a haze was indifferent to him, but Jaehwang was not alert. That indifference was a trap. He’s not in a hurry.

Step...step...

Over a few mountainous gardens. It was more like the garden, but beyond the garden, its name was unknown. There were no monsters here. They didn’t know what to call them, but they didn’t want to wake them up.

“I have to go back.”

“Why don’t you just walk in?”

“I’ll reject.”

The creeps that appeared with the old Sake-no-Osuke spread out like lakes.

Black and dark shadows were roaming in them. It looks like Sake-no-Osuke, but its spout, which was many times larger than that, was fierce and grows bigger, and then sweeps around and swallows everything around it.

Dudududu...

A mountain slowly rose while the ground was shaking.

It was literally a mountain.

Kukukukuku...

Dozens of legs pushed the boat and slowly began to crawl.

It seemed to be approaching Jaehwang, but it was only an illusion of the eyes. Jaehwang walked slowly off the path where it passed.

Kuku Kuk Kung ...

The monster’s destination was a creepy lake. A huge coffin extending from the monster’s body digs into the lake and begins to eat as if it was sucking up the water with a pipe.

Jaehwang walked past it constantly.

Goongi was his walking buddy. Jaehwang walked and walked, so he finally reached his destination.

The navigation screen emitted a red light to indicate the destination.

“Here it is.”

The white stone was called a huge monument, but it was just one giant rock. Underneath the indecipherable letters, the pictures gave him a brief overview of what it does. It was something like an article for future generations who would come after Jaehwang.

Behind it was a black hole that appeared to be the entrance of the dungeon.

But Jaehwang did not set foot there.

No, rather, he walked away from it.

How much time had passed? He stopped in place.

“Funny.” Jaehwang looked around and said, “Come out.”

Shortly after the words of Jaehwang, the sticky land near Jaehwang began to rise slowly. Wriggling, it soon turned into an image and frowned upon Jaehwang’s eyes. It was similar to Jaehwang at hand. It seemed that all the drab colors seemed to be mixed up with sugar, and it slowly became like Jaehwang.

“What a horrible hobby.”

After a while, it became like him.

“What a horrible hobby.”

Even their voice was the same.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 276: Trap – 1




#1

Facing that thing, it reminded Jaehwang of a Doppelganger. Of course, it’s not a real monster, it’s just one of the mythical monsters from Western fairy tales. But the funny thing was that it even copied Jaehwang’s vibe.

Jaehwang stared at his opponent silently, and his opponent stared at him too. It was Ruler who first opened his mouth, and the first word from his mouth was a very surprising word.

“Let’s talk.”

The words of Jaehwang were blocked at the moment. He speaks fluent Korean.

“What do you mean?”

“It is literally.”

Kugugugu ...

The ground on which he was stepping up woke up and became like a chair.

“Sharing information. Sit down.”

Jaehwang sat in the chair as Ruler said. If he was not bothered by the scenery around them, they could be having a cup of tea.

“I apologize first.” Ruler bowed his head.

“Are you talking about an attack?”

“Yes, but correct your words. It was you who attacked first.”

It’s a little tedious for a ruler.

“I attacked first?”

“Yes. Isn’t it you who have invaded my world? ”

“Didn’t Dark Earth attack the Earth also? ” Jaehwang asked, and Ruler shrugged at his question.

“I am limited to being a dominant power. You can’t manage it all. That’s why I have never exercised control over things that have passed to Earth. ”

“It’s like the other one.”

“Okay.”

In response, Jaehwang shrugged.

“I apologize. I didn’t know the story would work,” Ruler said as Jaehwang bowed his head.

“By head down?”

“It is an expression of sorry.”

“Right.”

However, he bowed along with Jaehwang.

‘What is this? Isn’t he a strange guy?’

‘That’s shocking too. One thing is certain, he just seems curious about something new,’ Goongi said with an impatient voice.

And Jaehwang concluded that way. Ruler was curious, and there seemed to be some misunderstandings.

“Did you attack me because I attacked the monsters?”

“It’s both right and wrong. I was trying to rule you out.”

“Why?”

“isn’t it obvious. Think about what your humans did by entering my world. ”

“I don’t know,” Jaehwang answered. Ruler shook his head and clasped his hands. Then, the soil on one side writhed and made hundreds and thousands of figures. What they were doing was moving in the shape of monsters and people holding weapons. They got tangled up and started fighting.

He could see the bomb exploding, which soon produced a mushroom cloud.

Many monsters fell in the explosion.

“I did it to my world that you call Dark Earth.” In the words of Ruler, Jaehwang sighed.

If he looked at it, the reason why they were their enemy was clear.

There was no excuse. The Earth’s hunters came across to Dark Earth. Not all of the Dark Earth gates that have appeared so far have been closed. They were spying on them constantly. Whether it was for the purpose of preventing future monsters from appearing or for exploration, the hunters were put in and fought against the monsters.

From what the ruler had shown, it seemed that the nuclear bomb had been fired several times. No, it exploded quite a bit.

Thinking from the other side, it was enough to attack. That’s not what Jaehwang did though.

“But why are you trying to talk like this?”

“You guys felt like me. There are many such beings among my people, but you are the first to come from another dimension. So, I decided to talk.”

“You guys?” Jaehwang was a little surprised, what he just said was plural. It might be something he knew, or it might be a mistake in choosing a word.

Ruler said, hinting at the prospect of Jaehwang, “It’s about being in you. Am I wrong? ”

“... right,” Jaehwang admitted it. As Jaehwang nodded and looked curiously, Ruler said,

“There is something I’ve been wondering. Why did you go there? ”

“There?”

“It’s an ancient ruin. Didn’t you stand in front of the tower of Babel, guarding the ancient ruins like the man who came before? ”

“Tower of Babel... or do you know about the place you call ancient ruins?” Jaehwang was quite surprised. The words familiar from the earth came out.

Tower of Babel

A tower built by humans who challenged God in the Bible. Of course, he knew that the Bible itself was borrowed from the myths and writings of the Middle East, but he didn’t expect it to exist in the Dark Earth.

“Know this well. Isn’t it where the creators created the device to contain us here?” The ruler knew in detail quite a word.

His preconceptions about him were breaking.

“I knew that civilization here was completely gone. How did you know that? Jaehwang asked.

Then, the ruler in the shape of Jaehwang begins to writhe in pain. It turned into various colors as if it couldn’t overcome the turbulence.

“I’m the representative of everything... abandoned by the ancients.”

#2

Ruler started talking.

It’s kind of a misnomer to call him a he. Would it be appropriate to think of it as a multiplexed person? Ruler said he was not a being. His body was one, but it consists of dozens and hundreds of personalities, combined and evolved over tens and thousands of years.

“The creators called me an experiment, the Eternal Immortal Experiment.”

Ruler was an eternal life. Eternal life was born in the hands of the ancient people. Just as humans in the past tried to create an AI that could think like humans, the ancients tried to create a transcendental eternal life by combining magic and biology.

The reason was the result of the efforts of the ancients to transform their bodies into transcendental eternal life as a way to escape the earth, which has been polluted by the explosive population and the indiscriminate use of nature. However, a problem occurred, it was used for war.

Ruler-like, but more aggressive and destructive beings were created one after another. War and conflict existed among the ancients. Among them, such as rulers continued to evolve, and they became more and more deadly, and at one point, they became uncontrollable.

The battle continued on an unimaginable scale on Earth.

The ancients, who had already advanced to the solar system, had to take extreme measures in fear of dying.

The late-minded ancients realized that they should no longer use destructive methods and brought out a prescription to separate them into dimensions. The ancients could hardly destroy them. They were no match for transcendental creatures capable of infinite evolution.

“We were left on earth to continue the war after their disappearance, in line with the intentions of our Creators. No one knows how much time has passed. All we knew was that we had to destroy the enemy, and after a long time I won.”

The story was pretty long.

It’s an ancient story that’s boring on the mystery bulletin board he had heard in the past, but it’s not boring at all because of the living evidence in front of him. In addition, Ruler was very good at speaking Korean.

“But you’re good at talking.”

“There were people who were caught by me who spoke the same language as you. I learned from them.”

“Right.”

Jaehwang shut up when he asked about human beings. He also lost interest in him. The result was obvious.

Perhaps the reason why Ruler has such a fluent skill was because of the knowledge he had drawn from the hunters who invaded Dark Earth. However, if the intelligence of the Dark Earth monsters were captured, humans would have been as cruel as they did.

And apart from that, Ruler’s thoughts were bound to be greatly modified.

“Then why did you go there?” The ruler’s question slowly opened his mouth. Perhaps Jaehwang could get things done without fighting.

Jaehwang began to explain things gradually. “By reactivating the dimensional stabilization device, we will stabilize the dimensions again.”

Ruler nodded when Jaehwang explained. “Right, are you trying to prevent the dimension from returning to its original form? ”

“Yeah.”

“Funny. As far as I know, your humans seemed to be very fond of aggression.”

“I can’t deny it, but not all of them are.”

The ruler nodded as if the ruler had agreed. Jaehwang was nervous. The explanation was over and now only Ruler’s judgment remains.

“It’s good information.”

And as the words ended, the ruler’s mood changed.

It felt like a completely different being. Jaehwang’s complexion was hardened by the change of ruler. The atmosphere was completely different and a strong wave of mana came at him.

“You had no idea at all,” Jaehwang said.

“Okay, why should I refuse the opportunity to get out of this boring and boring world and have new seeds of evolution?” Ruler sighed.

It was not within the expected range he thought. However, he only confirmed that the easiest way to solve everything was gone. The other person did not think about the peaceful way from the beginning

“You will regret it,” Jaehwang said, getting up from his seat.

But the Ruler only shrugs.

“My army has already begun to penetrate the Earth and without you, there seems to be nothing to stop my army. I’m trying to erase that uncertainty right here.”

Kung-kung ... Kung-kung ... Kung-kung ...

“Kuwoooooo!”

“Krrrrrr!”

Along with a heavy rain, huge mountains rose at once. The enemies weren’t the only ones. The powerful beings coming from the depths of the earth were also countless.

“Are you trying to kill me here?”

“Yes, because you are dangerous and so interesting. I will become more complete by absorbing the existence of this world with the same power as me. But don’t blame me too. This was also the reason why I was born.”

After that, Ruler disappeared as if he was absorbed into the ground. All that remained were powerful monsters full of murderous intent against Jaehwang.

“Haa...” Jaehwang shook his head and took out his arrow.

Although he moved to the gate as close to the idea as possible, it seemed impossible to dodge the battle completely. Rather, it was a burden to go to the gate itself. Obviously, no less than a number of monsters are going to camp.

Shuwook ...

Goongi appeared and stood by Jaehwang. Her expression was not very good either.

“He’s small-minded?”

“Yup,” Jaehwang replied and calmed himself. He wasn’t scared, but he’s excited.

The nature of the Godhead of Jaehwang was a phenomenon that occurs because of the battle.

“Tracking?” The answer to Jaehwang’s question was calmly answered.

“It’s over.” Jaehwang wasn’t just naive about the end of the conversation with Ruler peacefully.

When the ruler was talking to Jaehwang and was setting traps to catch Jaehwang, Goongi eagerly pursued the position of the ruler. She tried to find Ruler but it looked like she couldn’t.

“Your expression is not good?”

At the end of Jaehwang, Goongi shook her head.

“I’ll get out of here and tell you.”

“Okay, let’s just think about going back.” It’s hard to think about it now.

“It’s really the worst thing that you have to fight with a limited status,” said Goongi. As she said, this was a separate dimension from Earth.

Contrary to the battle with the old dragon, now he had to fight only with Jaehwang’s possession.

Solitary battles that only two and the guts were about to begin.

“But I have to go back to my house ... ”

“Huh. I have to go. ”

Goongi and Jaehwang let out a sigh and slowly began to lift all their power.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 277: Trap – 2




#1

At the same time as Goongi rose, Jaehwang unfolded the darkest beam. Their primary goal was to escape the Dark Earth, but Ruler did not seem to want to let them go.

Kugugugugu ...

Thump ... thump ... thump ...

kuwooooo!

It was huge in size. For simplicity, think that the giant monsters around them were as big as an aircraft carrier.

Dozens of giant monsters that seemed to have no feeling of being stepped on by humans at the size of Jaehwang were narrowing their siege. The entire movable space quickly fell into darkness as well as the sky, ground, the underground. It was filled with monsters that gathered as one.

Passing over the instep of a monster and jumping near its knees, the green liquid emanating from the bulge poured down like a waterfall.

chhhhhh ...

It splatters into their clothes and there, it simmered and melted.

It’s an acidic fluid that’s powerful enough to not exist on Earth.

“Kuh uh!”

The obese dragon-like monster opened its mouth. It was very large, but its mouth was unusually huge. Its mouth, like a snake’s chin, had its mouth open endlessly and rushed towards the palace by flying into the air. It contained the will to swallow all at once.

However, Goongi gracefully escaped the attack.

A giant, a floating creature in the sky also exhaled its gas towards her, but it couldn’t stop her. Soon, Goongi flew high into the sky and looked at the earth.

“You intended to be very perfect?” Goongi’s voice seemed like she’s ready for something

“I guess so.”

The eyes of Jaehwang shared the spirit and vision of Goongi, enabling him to see the forest of monsters.

After all, it seems that they cannot go on this way.

Jaehwang’s body was flying for a long time between the giant monsters clinging to the body of a monster. It was a blind spot that dodges the eyes of other monsters.

They quickly began the briefing about their current situation.

“He’s a limited deity, we have a lot to deal with. I’m not unprepared to come here, but it’s dangerous”

“Right.”

Seen through the eyes of Goongi, the giant monster was crawling. What he went through in the past was literally just tests to measure the power of Jaehwang. There were many kinds of monsters. Some have wings and some have tens or hundreds of tentacles. All of them were showing a powerful murderous intent to Jaehwang.

It was not just big in size.

Their combat intelligence was also excellent. Ruler intended this from the very beginning. Even though these powerful beings could be called, they appeared directly to deceive Jaehwang. And now that they knew the purpose of Jaehwang, they prepared the best response.

They were not as alert as humans were. For tens and thousands of years, he had ruled this world. However, gaps were everywhere. There was no such thing as an invincible being.

The only difference was how effectively one would hide their weaknesses and maximize their strengths.

Jaehwang had a hypothesis in mind, and he decided to try it. It’s a bit of a crowd, but he might not have a chance to try it in the future.

“Let’s change the battle plan with us escaping, I want to try an experiment for our second goal.”

“Experiment? Do you want to fight?” Goongi asked.

The battle plan was changed midway. Fighting these in her eyes was very inefficient. All they saw as they climbed up the expanse were still monsters.

This was the experiment, however, Goongi nodded soon. He was her most trusted man.

He knew how to fight. He wasn’t overconfident and judged everything calmly. He was a god born for battles that run on a cool judgment.

And...

Even the essence of that position was a god specialized in ‘battle’.

The giant monsters continued to entangle. Of course, it did. Their enemies were not even as big as their claws. There was a divine command to annihilate such beings, so they would stick together without losing their bodies. Even beings who were normally natural enemies were all united at this time and ran against the small god of this world.

When the giant monsters piled up enough to get stuck together, Jaehwang’s body disappeared from their eyes.

“Start.”

He unleashed the full power of the darkness that enveloped tier-10 and even tier-11 monsters through the breach. Jaehwang ran on a wriggling tentacle.

He took one of the things he prepared in the Infinity storage and got it in his hand. It was a pure white arrow from the arrowhead to the body’s feather. It was an arrow made by processing only the claws of the tier-9 to 11 monsters.

It was a treasure that could not be determined by the price. Not only did all the invincible craftsmen tackle them, but they also secretly invited the craftsmen from all over the world to make these arrows. No matter how strong the bow was, the actual projectile was the arrow. The bow itself was a weapon that shoots arrows. The arrow was important.

Jaehwang, with his feet sticking into the squirming tentacles, lifted the bow towards the air. The sun was visible among the monsters that covered the sky. His arms were firmly protesting as if to emulate the myth of something that flew to hunt the ancient sun.

All of their targets were already aimed through Goongi.

“Go.”

Paa Aang!

Starting with a fierce sonic boom, a white arrow was shot from his bow.

Lightly cover the speed of sound, a soaring arrow flew toward the sun. It soon began to crush the earthly targets.

Shhhhwooooo!

The arrow, unable to follow the sound, flew towards one of the giant monsters surrounding Jaehwang.

It’s so small that he didn’t want to stop it. Even if it gets to the monster, it was too small to cause some damage. His goal was to surround himself into this glove-like shell.

Phu Quoc ...

It was too small to say that there was even an impact when it hit.

It’s not tickling. The monster hit by the arrow seemed to not be affected by it, but it was only his will.

Myth: Master of Bow (S), Judge (S)

Their movement stopped at a moment.

He felt something was wrong. Something that should be hidden in the deepest part of his heart was shattered and at the same time, his mana, which flowed vigorously throughout his body, began to be broken into pieces.

What would happen if a machine with a powerful motor stopped?

Bump...bump...

His chest swelled.

They had no choice but to stop the operation.

“Krrrrr ...”

One giant monster fell with screams.

And that was the beginning. Dozens of arrows soaring into the sky began to rush towards their respective targets.

Psh...pshh! psh! pshhh!

“Kuwoooo!”

“Kuwoooo!”

Those hit by the arrows all struck as if they were thundered at once. After a while, he slowly lay on the ground as if he had made a promise.

Kung Kung ... Kung Kung ... Kung Kung ...

As the weights of the giants fell to the ground, the ground shook with a loud roar and an earthquake occurred.

Incredibly, dozens of giant monsters died at once. It’s literally in a state of destruction. A little seal settled lightly on the highest place of the devastation. Then, it looked around with an arrogant look. The giant monsters that approached them also stopped.

They were also beings of reason and intelligence.

They knew how to recognize the strong, and they knew how to be afraid. They were able to measure their capabilities and fight against them. But look at that being standing there now. Despite their small size, their gaze was arrogant.

A man whose name was not lacking

Ku Kung ... Kung ...

But they started moving again.

The command of their Ruler was absolute. Their orders fell again to their souls.

“So once was not enough...” Jaehwang laughed bitterly.

“Are you going to be okay?” Goongi was worried.

She knew that he went a little more than himself just now. She knew the power of each of those arrows. These were the crystals of the divinity of Jaehwang. As much as it was used, divinity could be consumed.

However, Jaehwang did not erase his smile. “I need to do it one more time.”

“Push!”

Goongi began to scan the body of the monsters narrowing the streets surrounding Jaehwang. It wasn’t just providing them a vision.

Myth: The Strength of Truth (SS)

Her myth was now finding the most deadly weakness of every monster around them. No matter how thick their hides, muscles, and mana could hide their weaknesses, her eyes cannot be avoided. It was a myth that discriminates between truth and falsehood. It goes beyond identifying the deadliest of many weaknesses a monster had to just send the arrows there.

Jaehwang once again placed his myth on the arrow.

Papa papa papa!

And again, an arrow rose. This time, the monsters did not see it still.

“Haha...”

Each of the monsters lifted their defenses. Some even created their mana shields and a few relied on the wind or flames to protect them. This was the moment where their greatest defense would meet their opponent’s attack.

But...

pshhhhh ...

Their opponent was not very good. In the first place, their attacks were from a different kind of dimension. No matter how excellent their defenses were, the attack that came their way came from a god.

The only thing that could stop this attack was their monarchs or their absolute god, Ruler.

Their attack swept the place, now they know who they’re fighting with.

Their opponent was in the same dimension as their absolute being.

“Krrrrr ...”

“Krrrrrr...”

They couldn’t approach him easily.

Because they were living beings, they had a will to survive. Their will was strong because they live in a place where only the law of the abbreviation was present. No matter how absolute God’s command was, their will to live was strong enough to interfere with it.

“It’s dangerous.”

“I Know.”

“I’ll take out the body,” Goongi said. It would be dangerous.

“No, not ever,” Jaehwang rejected her.

Goongi should not be out right now. The attack that he did took a lot of toll on him, the only way he could escape right now would be with the help of Goongi.

However, the experiment was not over yet.

The effect also began to appear little by little.

The giant monsters felt a deeper fear of mana.

But when the Ruler’s will began to vibrate the Dark Earth atmosphere, the giant monsters began to approach Jaehwang as if they were drunk on something. This was the power of the Ruler. They could no longer disobey him.

Jaehwang bit his teeth.

“I’ll bet everything at once. If it fails, help me to escape.”

“Okay.”

When Goongi began to prepare, noticing what Jaehwang meant, her red aura began to boil as a predecessor of Jaehwang. With the full power of the woman’s blood, he began to concentrate all of his divinity.

Dududududu...

Their red auras clumped together and began to flow like blood.

It gathered all of their divinity and placed it on this one shot.

God or whatever, his essence was very active, with his victory hanging into this one arrow.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 278: He is… – 1





Chapter 278: He is... – 1




#1

DRRRRR!!

A red sun exploded from the ground. It was so bright and dazzling. Even the atmosphere breathlessly bowed to the sacred bombardment of the sun that appeared on the ground.

“Go!”

Powww! Ahhhhhhh !!!

It was the countless red rays that colored all the space in red. The dozens and hundreds of red lines that extended out of the stem toward all sides indiscriminately rained towards the ground.

Piriririt!!!!

The beam that stretched out unstoppably was so cruel that it was efficient. Every one of them was moving in search of enemies. Incredibly, all of the hundreds of super-monster monsters covering the ground were captured. All that covered the edge of the horizon became the prey of red rays.

Even Ruler, for a moment, forgot about the power of his domination, it was a beautiful explosion... that was the slayer itself.

And the only thing left after the brilliant explosion of the red sun was a huge chunk of meat that had lost the light of life.

Ku-kung ... Qua-a-ah!

Even the ones flying leisurely while occupying the sky fell to the ground one by one.

Dead bodies began to accumulate on the ground already covered with monsters. A mountain of corpses was then formed and Jaehwang, the culprit behind this massacre, stood at its highest point.

“Hoo-woo ...”

Jaehwang exhaled a deep breath to hide his turbulent mind.

“I feel it.”

He felt the Ruler’s fear.

The purpose of Jaehwang was not simply to kill the monsters. His purpose was to counter the attack that was made by Ruler himself to him.

He tried to see if Ruler’s fear would also affect the monsters’ state of mind.

He aimed to shake their divinity.

“Amazing!” Goongi was extremely excited, but Jaehwang couldn’t afford to worry about it. This was because a new letter was being engraved on the myth list in the status window.

God of Massacre (SS level)

New Master of Goongi (S level)

Bow master (S grade)

Judge (S)

Master of Martial Arts House (Class A)

It was a new myth.

He gained the name based on being a god of genocide. It didn’t just end with a few lines of text in the status window. As the direction of the myth became specialized as a complete battle, the nature of his identity began to change.

Whoo ...

The wind rushing around Jaehwang began to blow. The beginning was the giant monsters that fell on the ground. The wind that started from them gathered towards Jaehwang. It’s like a grim winner who would take everything from the loser. The entirety of the losing side was the winner’s booty.

The essence of the mana that has been shattered and scattered by Jaehwang’s attack had their souls absorbed by Jaehwang. And all of those things filled Jaehwang’s body, and Yeoui Yonghyeolgong consumed it.

Wriggle ... Wriggle ...

The aura of the hemolysis technique continued to increase in size, however, it was quickly reaching its limit. There were too many monsters that collapsed. Then, the hemolysis technique started to make a lot of changes. It expanded explosively as if it were what it was supposed to be and at some point, it disappeared with a “sh.” Jaehwang was also surprised at this time. Because it always kept its place, its disappearance was a surprise, however, the hemolysis technique did not disappear.

He could feel the energy of the hemolysis technique in his whole body. It felt as if his whole body was immersed in it.

“Great”

Jaehwang, who lightly expressed his impression on the fullness of his whole body, raised his eye.

Super giant monsters slowly appeared over the horizon. Among them were those that showed a different level of presence than the previous ones. However, his divinity level, which sank to the bottom, was steadily rising.

His confidence rose...

He jumped over a wall and even got a little enlightenment in his hands.

He wanted to test this. If this was...

Maybe it was possible, it could be a clue to end all of this.

But...

“No.” Jaehwang shook his head.

Now, he knew too little to experiment with the barely stranded ones. He could’ve turned this into his edge

“Up to this point only...” Jaehwang shook it out of his head.

Frankly, he did want to experiment more. Right now, he felt like anything was possible. Was this a feeling of an absolute? He felt like he could end it all and even defeat the Ruler, but he must stop.

Only amateurs would continue to battle based on their current feelings. Now was the time to slowly chew what he had obtained and make it his own.

It was said that one was to know about themselves and their enemies, they could never be defeated. It’s stupid to rush to a battle without even knowing oneself.

“Go.”

“What? No way, now?” Jaehwang’s words, Goongi was astonished.

Even the Ruler of the Dark Earth was wary of Jaehwang.

Now, maybe he could finish all of this.

However, Jaehwang wanted to step back.

“Okay. Let’s step back.

“Yup.”

The voice of Goongi was shaking. Every word coming from Jaehwang felt absolutely binding and cannot be resisted. She was feeling it already. He jumped to one dimension again and now, he was on the same level as her.

The status and myth that she completed over thousands of years were immediately overtaken by him.

#2

Whoooosh

Just saying that it’s cold here at a hill of pure white was an understatement. Only snow and ice were visible.

The continent of ice, which did not belong to any other country on the planet, was crawling with monsters.

Jaehwang and Goongi went off the gate through a wind that seemed to freeze everything. This cold was not a hindrance to two beings who have become gods beyond the superhuman class.

As it occupied 90% of the Earth’s ice, only snow and ice were visible no matter how much they moved. Even though the traces of indigenous penguins and monsters seemed to be evidence that life could live, they did not show whether they hated this cold. Of course, if they did, no one would find it.

“Around here seems suitable.”

Jaehwang took out a transmitter from his infinity storage and put it on ice, then, he turned on the switch. All they had to do was wait, and the Atlas, which was waiting in the vicinity, would detect the signal and fly towards them. He was bored to wait and tried to take some snacks and eat them, but after chewing a couple of times, he threw them away. It didn’t taste like anything as it was frozen.

“Dark Earth wasn’t that cold,” said Goongi.

“I don’t know. Maybe Ruler did something...”

“Oh, it ‘s so cold,” Goongi deliberately said and jumped into Jaehwang’s arms.

Then Jaehwang smiled and put Goongi in his arms. It was true that both of them came too far to be under the influence of the cold, but they both felt the heart of Goongi who did not want to forget this small pleasure. They have been so accustomed to each other for having spent a long time together.

But rather, it made them more excited.

“Well, I think you’re getting a little big,” Goongi said, digging into the arms of Jaehwang.

As she said, Jaehwang was growing. Previously, the height of Goongi was about 180 centimeters and Jaehwang was about 187 centimeters but now, Jaehwang had grown to be slightly less than 2 m. His body became bigger too.

“Am I?”

The reason was roughly guessed. This was one of the changes made by the Hemolysis technique. It might seem that he suffered from eccentric bone metastasis, but it was a much higher level of change.

If the original vertebral metamorphosis was a change to a more perfect body, it would be the right to say that his body had changed to suit his soul. Having talked about this and that, a moment later, a giant quadcopter appeared over the horizon.

However, it did fly to the vicinity of Jaehwang, but it couldn’t land.

The wind was not so strong, but the sky, the earth, was entirely white.

As the clouds covered the sunlight, there were no shadows to give contrast to the ground. This was a phenomenon called flat light. Not only that, but the watch was not very good due to the wind that was being driven but at this point, the pilot would be unable to determine where to land with the naked eye.

No matter how modern an aircraft was, landing under these worst conditions depends entirely on the pilot’s ability. Jaehwang, looking at the Atlas a few times orbiting the air, said with a low sigh,

“Please just open the hatch, we will go in ourselves.”

“Huh? Okay! Got it.”

At the end of Jaehwang’s words, the pilot immediately answered, and after a while, the hatch on the back of Atlas slowly began to open. With the help of Goongi, he entered the interior of Atlas. Irumi came in a hurry as he entered.

Goongi remained hidden inside of Jaehwang. The most comfortable place for her was Jaehwang.

“Any issues while you were waiting?” When asked by Jaehwang, Irumi waved her head.

The position seems to have changed. Jaehwang was the one who went to the dangerous Dark Earth and they only waited for what they did.

“There was nothing wrong. Is your body okay though? ”

He entered with armor made of 9-tier monster’s scales but now, he had a hole in his chest that seemed to have melted. The fact that the armor of Jaehwang, which was not buried in his body, melted in a certain battle, meant that the battle was not as difficult as it seemed.

“Well... whoo”

Following the eyes of Irumi, Jaehwang, who looked at the armor sighed. He didn’t think about it, but the equipment was severely damaged.

“More than that, in Ruler’s words, something seems to have happened at the Dark Earth Gate...”

Irumi’s expression was a little hard at the words of Jaehwang. The Dark Earth’s gate happened, unfortunately, shortly after Jaehwang entered the Dark Earth.

If he said it now, he would go on a continual basis to rectify the situation.

“Monsters appeared all over the world, but fortunately most of them were repelled.”

“Is that so, I’m glad. ”

Something unclear was seen in her voice, but Jaehwang nodded.

He needed to absorb the enlightenment that he had obtained in the Dark Earth. “Then, I ‘ll take a break.”

Irumi smiled. “Sure, would you need anything?”

“Fine.”

Inside the Atlas, there was a separate space for Jaehwang to rest. As Jaehwang disappeared, an agent approached Irumi and said quietly,

“Can I not tell you that?”

“Silence”

Cool energy flowed through her face.

Most of the “monsters” that came here were now repelled, however, Irumi wished that he would rest now even if Jaehwang would have some trouble with this later. She thought that it was the price that the world had to pay because they ignored the words Jaehwang.

“It should never enter Jaehwang ‘s ear.”

“I will be careful.”

“I’m going back.”

“Oh, the maintenance team leader said that a long flight in Antarctica could cause the rotor part of the Atlas to freeze or the electrical part to cause some trouble.”

“Well, is that so?” Irumi nodded.

She was also a little worried about this issue.

No matter how much one uses mana engines to not worry about refueling like in the past, machines were something that needed constant maintenance. In particular, this Atlas was Jaehwang’s foot.

“I arranged for the airport nearest to you a little while ago.”

“Good job. You must have secured it beforehand, right? ”

“Of course.”

“Good. I will stop there and cross the Pacific Ocean shortly after the maintenance.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 279: He is…-2





Chapter 279: He is...-2




#1

A deserted plateau was turned into a shabby airfield. A large giant quadcopter sits down where there were usually two or three smaller aircraft around it. There were thick armors and various firearms that emitted a thunderous light as if it wasn’t just for the flight. Meanwhile, people were busy moving. More than a dozen maintenance personnel were assigned with Atlas specifically for this mission.

On the outskirts of Atlas, armed hunters were on the lookout.

“Be careful, slowly!”

“Enter the A4 blade test!”

“65% output from the D2 rotor!”

“Keep going until you get 80 percent!”

“Okay, and I think the C6 blade needs to be replaced.”

“What for?”

“The joint was rattled and you need to return to the maintenance window to do some special welding.”

“I cannot help it, turn it into a spare! ”

“Okay.”

“Do you replace refrigerant here?”

“That’s it!”

The extreme environment of Antarctica provides equally extreme stress, whether mechanical or human.

Because the Atlas was also a machine, the rotor responsible for the flight and the power transmission unit has been damaged a lot.

“It’s starting at dawn! I have to guess until then! ”

“Okay.”

After everyone responded bravely to the conductor’s cry, they began to focus on the maintenance. The three children outside the fence were hiding behind the concrete and looking at it.

In one child’s hand, there was a piece of folded paper that seemed to have been torn out of a magazine. He nodded at the huge helicopter that was landing on the airfield.

“Is that right?”

“Huh, right, brother.”

“Victor told you not to do anything today,” a small child whispered around as if he was uneasy.

“Stay quiet. Simeone!” The child who was the largest said with a finger in his mouth.

He was more like a boy than a child.

“Nicholas, I ... I can’t. ”

“Simeone... This is the fate of you and my dad! Wouldn’t it be possible to miss it?”

“No, but Hunter said it was dangerous for her.” Simeone was nervous at the words of Nicholas.

“You can’t do that!”

“That’s true, but my mom told me not to talk to the border guards,” said the child, pointing to the hunters on the border.

To be precise, it was not a border guard. It’s a private clan called the Red Water Clan, but it’s a location where the borders of Argentina and Chile make a contract with the state and even work as a border guard.

They were stationed in remote areas, which could be called the end of the world, so it was hard to say that it was rough.

If caught, it did not end with confusion. However, the oldest child didn’t seem to give up.

“There was only one person, the Master Archer, who could save yours and my father.”

“If we wait for adults quietly...”

“Do you believe those in stupid words? It’s been a week. Uncle Paulo said while drinking at the pub that for lesser hunters like my father or your father, it’s going to be hard to live!”

The tears in the eyes of the small child were creased by the small diameter of the large child. Thinking of a father whose life and death was unknown, he cannot suppress the sadness of a child. It’s hard to see them more than a couple of times a year because they’re busy, but that didn’t mean that he didn’t love his dad who was struggling in the outback.

The child knew about it. It’s been a few days since his mom was holding her phone and crying and was just looking at the TV with blank eyes.

The little squad that signed an outsourcing contract with a clan based at the Blue Diamond base was amused by the TV.

“Brother, let’s go.”

“Okay.”

Nicholas’ younger brother, Kaka, forcibly squeezed himself under the torn fence. Somehow, he had to meet the archer. That was their only way to save their father.

#2

Jaehwang explained what he saw in the Dark Earth to Irumi, and her expression turned blue as the words of Jaehwang continued. If the speaker wasn’t Jaehwang, she would never have believed it. It’s a place where monsters that will cover the sky and the earth would swallow up the horizon and come...

“The location of the dungeon is about here.”

With the map of Antarctica open, Jaehwang’s finger pointed to one place.

There was a straight stone mountain peeking over the white glacier. It seemed to be about 400 meters high, but the thickness of the Antarctic glacier was more than 2 km on average, so it would not normally be a high mountain on the Dark Earth side.

“I will send an expedition to the Dark Earth.” Jaehwang nodded at Irumi’s words.

He doesn’t know if it’s a dungeon on the Dark Earth side or on the Earth side, but the more information they have, the better. The harvest was not only that. The most important thing was that the palace had positioned Ruler. A ruler wasn’t playing when he was digging up some information about Jaehwang.

When Jaehwang, who heard of Ruler’s position at the palace, told it to Irumi, Irumi shook his head.

Its location was unthinkable. Ruler’s location was deep in the dark. It has been buried hundreds of kilometers from the earth’s crust for tens and thousands of years. To be precise, it was near the Mantles Front. It was impossible to enter.

Ruler did not sit on the Devil’s Wall and wait for the warrior like the Demon King of the story. It was to control all the monsters of the Dark Earth while hiding himself thoroughly. It would be normal.

“I will take the means.”

“Please suffer,” Jaehwang nodded and replied. Irumi had no way to do it, but he can’t hold her hand.

After she left, Jaehwang sighed low, locked the door, sat on the bed, and opened the status window.

‘What are you doing?’

‘I’m planning to bypass the Akashic Records.’

‘Why? Are you trying to find a clue as to the enlightenment you got?’

‘Huh. It’s a problem that we should take time to find out slowly, but we don’t have time.’

The Dark Earth had been feeding Ruler a shot, but that didn’t improve the situation. No, rather, it made things worse. Now there was a danger that presupposed the power of the renewed Jaehwang. That makes it necessary.

A little clue of the enlightenment gained by dealing with monsters in Dark Earth... This was a fragment of knowledge gained by digging between a Ruler and a monster of the Dark Earth. No, strictly speaking, this was to steal the power of the Ruler.

‘It doesn’t matter if you go in.’

It was a palace that knew the vastness there. In addition, there were those who excluded intruders. These were what Jaehwang called the guards. He had to fight them too. The problem was that it was their home ground to the core. The most primitive problem he had was that the range to recognize them was abnormally small. It’s not just an extension of a biological sense.

It can only be seen through the realm of identity but until now, the space had been too small.

And as the court said, it was of no use to recklessly enter that place.

‘There’s a way.’

‘Be careful.’

She’d like to help him if she could, but if Goongi went in with him, Jaehwang would only get into more danger because the guards would double in.

Jaehwang began to penetrate the depth of the save through the back of the status window as he had done before. And just before he entered the Akashic Records, he separated the “seer’s eyes” from his status window.

It was a skill similar to the power that Ruler had.

Unique-class tracking skills that can detect traces of an existence as far as 1,000 kilometers away.

He intended to explore this as a guide. Soon after, when Jaehwang pushed himself into the vast stream of knowledge, the guards began to gather.

‘Well.’

Perhaps because of their enhanced power as gods, their presence feels much clearer than before. In addition, he could read messages that he couldn’t read before, but the content of the message was not very good.

‘Stop the inaccessible being.’

Only that echoed out of Jaehwang’s body. They were gathering to push out the impurities called Jaehwang like white blood cells in the blood vessels pushing out its impurities. Jaehwang began to move quickly before they gathered.

Using the Seer’s Eye as a guide, he began to dig into the Akashic Record. He didn’t mean to fight them. No, there’s no time for that.

The structure of the Akashic Record resembled the root of a tree. It’s like the roots of Yggdrasil, the tree of life in Northern European mythology. And the information he wants could only be found if he was closer to the source.

‘That’s grand.’

Traveling through the places that could only be traced back through god’s power, Jaehwang came across numerous informational conspirators that the universe remembered, not the earth. Each and every one of them was valuable, but it was useless now. Jaehwang continued to move.

The number of guards following him was increasing.

The Seer’s Eye was also gradually scattering. This was a repository of information. It was probably natural that the Seer’s Eye, which was made up of information, would be broken down in its own habitat.

‘Should I give up?’ He was not sad about losing a skill.

It was a skill of a unique level, but since he escaped from the save system anyway, those things were meaningless.

Pa sha shak ...

The Seer’s Eye disappeared. When this disappeared, Jaehwang’s guide disappeared. However, the Seer’s Eye did not just disappear. The rest of the debris slowly began to travel somewhere.

It acted like a cloud of smoke that had a place to go.

Jaehwang started chasing the eye. How much time had passed? The Seer’s Eye disappeared completely, but Jaehwang was not disappointed.

A gleaming, gleaming sphere floated silently.

It was so great that an infinitely sacred energy flowed out of it like a small celestial body.

‘This is...’

Jaehwang placed his hand on it.

#2

“Owww...”

“That hurts! No!

The children cried, but there was no mercy in the hands of the hunters who held their arms and heads tight.

“What do we do with these?”

“These pricks ...”

The two hunters dragged the three children out of the airfield.

Normally, he would kick them out after a bruise, but the man who caught the kids was on duty for surveillance today, and these kids sneaked into a very prohibited area, his squad was in trouble.

Everything was classified as confidential and they have also been selected secretly.

He knew who the owner of the giant aircraft was, but these little kids have ruined a very important mission for him.

“Whip!”

The one who couldn’t stand raised his hand, but the others stopped his hand.

“Let me go.”

“Hey. Lionel! Because of these children...”

The accident left a huge blemish on their history. He felt like throwing away the limbs of these little kids.

“They’re still a kid. Your daughter is about the same age as them.”

However, at the words of a colleague, he kicked the floor to see if he couldn’t stand it. When someone talks about his daughter, his hand does not go out.

“Damn it, I get it.”

Nodding his head, he sighed as he looked down at the children in his hands.

He understood the situation of children to a certain extent. The place where these children’s father was now completely isolated by the monsters. He thought that only Jaehwang could fix it.

“Get out.” He twisted his face as roughly as he could, but the children were not looking at him.

They were gazing at the horizon. With their mouth open, they seem to have forgotten even their breathing. He shifted his eyes along with the children’s eyes. Although it was night time, the clock was good because it was the South Pole, where snow always kept the nights white. His eyes glared.

At first, he couldn’t understand what it was.

He had never seen such a thing before in his life. All the queer things with the black film were towering. It wasn’t just that. The sky-high thing was slowly closing in on the airfield. His hands and feet were shaking. He took his trembling finger to his headset.

And then, he said,

“Mo... monster emergence... monster emergence... unable to estimate tiers... numbers... innumerable.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 280: With God – 1




#1

Zing!!!!

The siren rang to signal the alarm. As if that alarm awakened the dead silent town, countless people poured into the streets. It didn’t matter whether men and women were making love or were using the bathroom. Their hands were carrying all the things that they could carry.

THUD... THUD...

As they poured out into the street and looked around, they all fixed their eyes on one place and stopped. Things they have never seen before were approaching downtown. Even though its features were identifiable, the heavy noise they made meant that they were still far away. But being able to see them even at such a distance indicates that they were all illusionary or abnormally huge.

“It’s a wave! Run!”

“Awkkkk!”

Despair and fear dominated them. Literally, it’s chaos. Even if a monster appeared in this area, the siren won’t alert everyone. Since there were many monsters that were more than Tier-7 swimming from the Antarctic side, their long experience had shown that the siren blowing could attract the attention of monsters. That was why it was common for the people to take refuge in their own air-raid shelters without panicking in response to most monster waves.

It’s a cold neighborhood, so most of the necessities were in the house — in particular, in the air-raid shelters. That’s why even if they’re isolated by monsters, they could last two to three months in the shelters.

But there was only one reason why the siren went off.

‘Give up everything and just run away.’

The sirens went off when big monsters that could wreck a private air-raid shelter swarmed their community. It’s a siren that rings only when there’s a wave like that once every five or 10 years. And now, it’s a wave of massive monsters that they’ve never seen in their lives. People have climbed up on any means of transportation nearby without recognizing who the owners were.

‘We have to run away.’

The monster wave is like a tsunami. It seemed slow, but if they slowed down, they would get swept away. Hundreds of people were getting into vehicles and evacuating the area. Only the women of the two neighboring houses were shouting at each other with pale faces.

“What..! I don’t see Simeone! Sister!”

“I can’t see Kaka and Nicholas, either!”

The two stamped their feet. No matter how much they looked in the house, they couldn’t find the children. The husbands of the two women worked for fairs and as hunters. The two houses, which naturally had no choice but to get close to each other, lived in the same building and took care of each other like a family. But they were having a hectic life recently. It was because the place where their husbands worked was isolated by the monsters and the whereabouts of their husbands were unknown.

They called all the acquaintances they had, but it was in vain. The government’s announcement continued to say that they should wait because rescue operations were going on. Day by day, they were losing hope but now, it was the children that they could not see in the midst of a huge wave of monsters that they had never been seen or heard of.

“Ah!” Simeone’s mother cried with her eyes wide open. Tears welled up in her eyes. She recalled that before dinner, Simeone was going outside with Kaka and Nicholas. She thought that the kid said that he was going to see something. She overheard it, but...

“Airfield!”

That was it. She remembered that a restraining order was issued to Mr. Viktor’s airfield on the outskirts of town along with a story of someone seeing a giant flying object from beyond the sea.

“Sister! What should I do? Awkk!!! Airfield! Airfield!” She burst into tears and shouted.

“What do you mean by that!”

When she yelled at her neighbor’s random words, Simeone’s mother told her sister what had happened before dinner. Then, Nicholas and Kaka’s mother turned pale. The airfield was just in the direction where the monsters came from. If she’s right... If the children went there fearlessly...

“No!” She screamed and ran to the garage.

Drrr... Screeeeech...

After a while, she pulled out an old pickup truck.

“I’ll get him!”

“No! I’m coming with you!” Simeone’s mother, whose face was covered with tears, got into the passenger seat.

“Are you crazy? Wait here!”

Frankly, the odds of them saving their children were less than half. The airfield was closer to the wave than to the city. They don’t even know if their kids were there. It’s a foreseeable conclusion that they’ll be swept away by the waves. They were afraid. But they couldn’t help going. If there were children there... they couldn’t lose their children after losing their husbands.

“I will go even if I die! Come on, run!” Simeone’s mother, who had always been quiet, shouted. She also turned nuts when her children’s lives were at stake.

“Damn it!”

Holding on to the wheel, she stamped on the accelerator vigorously while spitting out a swear word. And in the ever-growing earth reverberation, she turned the steering wheel towards the airfield.

#2

The hunters guarding the airfield also went wild.

“How can you miss those huge balls!”

The Hunters’ commander was out of his mind. He’s busy yelping at the communicator. It did not come across Antarctica. Although there were monsters that came by swimming from between the town and Antarctica, those monsters who came across the sea a thousand kilometers away were their easy prey. Therefore, this place was famous for those who wanted to earn money.

But on the bodies of these monsters, they did not see a huge piece of ice normally attached to the monsters who have crossed the sea. That meant that there’s a massive gate around here.

“We don’t know! All of a sudden, the Mana figure is... ahhh! Over there already!!! We’re pulling out, too! That’s it!”

“Hey! Hey?!”

The bunker’s sentry, who watched the monster’s appearance, screamed and cut off their communications.

“Darn it!” He threw the receiver nervously.

How did this happen when he was sent here... It’s the worst situation he could find himself in, and the sight outside the window was like a nightmare. Monsters were seen trampling on the outer limits of the airfield. It meant that they’re only two to three kilometers away from the monsters.

He knew that while the approaching monsters seemed slow, they were much faster than what he could expect.

From a long-horned one to the ones with dozens of eyes, each of the monsters has different shapes, but they all have huge sizes. Since he was an experienced commander in the field, he can measure the size of the monster through simple triangulation. At a glance, it was more than 300 meters in size. They were monsters as big as skyscrapers. Their tier was immeasurable. In addition, a huge number cannot be beaten even by the Master Archer.

“Oh, my God!” He couldn’t die here. Their only means of escape would be a light aircraft owned by their VIPs. “God damn it, damn it...Ah!”

Then he remembered the giant flying object that the VIP brought in...

Yeah, they’d have room for themselves, or maybe they’re already ready for takeoff. After finishing his thought, he rushed out.

“Crazy!”

As he had expected, the maintenance teams on the aircraft were rushing to get their equipment, but their movement was somewhat relaxed. They didn’t even start the aircraft. Did they not understand the gravity of the situation? No, they must think they could get away but to him who was experienced, that was a stupid thought.

They should not pack the equipment but start the engine quickly. The hunters had already gathered in front of his airfield office. Their number was about 50 people... It was also uncertain whether all will be given a ride. No, he just needed a ride for himself but in his eyes, he saw the children crying at the back of the Hunters.

“Why are they here?” His face was instantly distorted. It’s been a long time since he told them to get rid of the little rats who sneaked into the airfield.

“We can’t leave the children behind!” Shouted the two of his men holding the child’s hand. One of them was Lionel, who was the first to report the monster wave.

“You fucking bastards! I don’t know if they’ll give us a ride and you are going to take all these extras with you?!” He roared, but Lionel didn’t give in.

“We have to take them!”

This was disobedience. As he took his hand to a revolver in his waist, he shouted, “Fuck it, you’ll have to pay for that when you go back!”

“Yes, sir!”

“Everybody follow me!”

“Yes, sir!”

Leading the hunters, he rushed towards the aircraft. They have to get on that plane together somehow and get out of here. The original battle doctrine was that they have to hold out against the monsters here until the city in the rear was completely wiped out, but that’s crazy.

Running to the plane, he touched a pistol in his waist. He should prepare for the worst situation where the engineers didn’t listen to his commands. He ran to the most senior-looking man and shouted, “Please! take us with you!”

He frowned as he watched the hunters running along. Then, he wore a headset with a translation function in his arms.

“Man... is that Spanish or...”

It was frustrating to see the guy push the button slowly on the headset. After a while, he said, wearing it on his ear,

“What are you saying?”

“Take us with you!”

“Where?”

“Oh, my God!” The other man was so calm that he suspected that he had already lost his mind due to the influx of monsters.

“The waves are coming in now!” He pointed outside repeatedly, but a man gave a nasty look at it with his head tilted.

“Where do I take you?”

“Oh, my God, it’s crazy!” He struck his chest with frustration.

“Come on and get out of here!”

The man nodded his head as if he understood what he said.

“Aha, you’re scared of those monsters and you want a ride on our Atlas. But too bad. We didn’t get an order for takeoff. So it’s no use riding it and don’t worry. We are protected by the Master Archer.”

In response to that, he immediately took his pistol out of its holster and released the safety lock before he pointed it at the Asian man. He had no time anymore to argue with the one in front of him.

“You crazy bastard! Even the Master Archer can do nothing about them! If you stay like this, we’ll die!” He pointed his weapon at him, but he still seemed at ease. He was looking at someone else over his shoulder. After a while, a cool blade fell on his shoulders.

“What the hell is this, Commander?”

“Ugh..!!”

The cool feeling of the blade brought him back to reality. Turning his head, he saw a beauty with eyes that were colder than a cold wave in Antarctica. She was one of the special guests who could only be seen from afar because she was the commander of security personnel.

‘Irumi.’

The world’s renowned 8-Star Hunter. She was also the secretary-general of the famous Martial Arts House and a general manager of this site. She was a woman of a position he could not look up to.

“How dare you point a weapon at our Martial Arts House?” Her body was emanating a frosty spirit.

“Well, that’s...” It’s the worst situation he could find himself in right now. Losing his mind for a moment was the root cause of this situation. He’s going to die before the Monster Wave hits this place. He began to sweat all over his body because of the pressure that even made the coldness in Antarctica forgettable.

But then, his savior appeared in the form of a tall man standing behind Irumi.

“Take off your sword.”

“But this guy...”

“The children are shocked. Irumi.”

“Oh, yes. ”

At his words Irumi pulled the sword, hiding her spirit as if nothing happened. Even the children got scared of her. He would have done something terrible to the children. Irumi did not forget to stare at the commander while stepping down, expressing an unspoken hint that things on his shoulders would have disappeared if it weren’t for those kids.

The commander gulped down his saliva. His intuition told him that he saved his life because of the children he thought were a burden. She must have struck his neck mercilessly if the children weren’t there.

“Everybody back off,” Jaehwang said as he stepped forward.

His voice carried an irresistible force. As everyone around backed away, Jaehwang faced the approaching massive monsters. They were at a very short distance now. The old fences in the airfield have long been knocked down by the vibrations the monsters have caused.

Jaehwang closed his eyes.

At the same time, a red light rose from his body in a blaze. When everyone was surprised, Jaehwang, who was wrapped in light, quietly recited, “Did I provoke the Ruler too much? What an impatient one.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 281: With God – 2




1

The will of god that no one can detect, it was his domain. Now, Jaehwang’s sense encompassed this place as well as parts of Antarctica. It was the power that he gained from Akashic records. The phrase of light allowed him to understand the basic architecture of the Akashic records, not just the memory of the universe. It’s like helping a completionist who’s learned all the lower levels to become a higher-rated user.

Although it was not officially approved for use, it was still worth using. One interesting thing was that it was also a human memory.

[Understanding dimensions and space — XX Class]

Such a phrase, which did not even have a grade, was coined in the status window. It’s an insincere sentence that didn’t even have a classification, whether it’s skill or myth, but the meaning accumulated within it was never insignificant. Although the skill of the Seer’s Eyes had disappeared, it was not a waste at all because it was no longer necessary.

THUD...THUD...

“Hm.”

A cry of will, filled only with murderous intent brought him to reality where he was briefly lost in his other thoughts. Jaehwang’s eyes thinned. He was offended by the interruption right at the time of his reflection. Of course, since he already earned what he needed, he was not damaged at all but the cruel God, whose time of reason was interrupted, uttered a harsh word.

“So noisy, go away.”

Zap!! Zaaaap!!

The red line that exploded from his body filled the place. It was an instant; there was no scream, no cry, no noise. Everything had stopped. The Hunters, who were in a panic, and the waves of monsters that vented their furiousness, stopped as soon as they were engulfed in the red light.

“Ha... ”

The rush of satisfaction... The intense waves that rush into the body filled their every nook and cranny. The human limit has been completely removed. He feels like he’s going to encompass the whole world right now. His will wobbled. He thinks he could cover up everything in the world. He thought that he could take off the shell.

But that’s it.

Jaehwang prevented his will from expanding further. It was also a trap. Throwing his human skin off completely and being a complete god meant that he would be completely free from the Five Greeds and Seven Feels of humans.

That was the existence of God. Jaehwang didn’t want to do that yet.

So... that’s it.

THUD... Thud...

The huge shadows that were covering his eyes began to fall one by one. Starting with where Jaehwang stood, the massive monsters began to fall like dominoes.

The people looked at the scene with their mouths open. Was it like this for those who saw the miracle of God from the Bible?

Was this how Jews felt as they watched the Red Sea being divided by Moses? Irumi, an absolute admirer of Jaehwang, and even her teacher, Shin-Deok, looked at this magnificent moment with bated breath. The only thing that could breathe in front of that power that was so devastating and overwhelming was Jaehwang.

“It’s almost over.”

Jaehwang was completely determined by the will he had unfolded. He had commanded all the evil creatures through his will to die.

.

He suddenly felt hungry. When he turned his head slightly, three bright pairs of eyes stared blankly at him. Though the cold-blooded slaughterer god had staged thousands of killings, the children were still cute to him. The moment he saw the children, he caught a smile around his mouth. Since he was a teacher at a nursery school, he got used to taking care of children.

“Are you all right, guys?” Jaehwang approached the children and asked while entangling their hair. The three children, who opened their mouths in a daze, still seemed dreamy.

The Master Archer was in front of them. He was regarded as the world’s best hunter or even god. His force had already transcended the limits of man, and monsters that everyone had considered a disaster would fall down at his presence like leaves.

“They must have been very surprised, so please calm them down.”

“Yes, sir.” Irumi, who woke up the fastest at Jaehwang’s words, bowed her head.

“This is not a good place to talk. Let’s go inside.”

“Yes.”

Aside from the biting cold, the queer smell from the mountain-like piles of flesh stung their noses. So, as he tried to take the children inside, an old pickup truck came rushing and stopped, carving out long tire tracks.

Then, the two women hurried down and saw the children who were being dragged into Jaehwang’s hands. The children, who were fascinated by the reality of walking with God, began to get hiccups when their most loved but feared person walked over. Now, they seemed to know that an intense spanking would soon fall on their hips along with a tremendous storm of scolding. But, the two women who came to the children began to cry as they held their children blindly. They must have been afraid too.

They drove their car to the extremes with a determination to save their children. When their mothers cried, the children cried together. They cried not because they realized how dangerous their situation was, but because their beloved mother cried. They cried for a while there.

At last one of the sedated women began pounding the child’s butt. “Bad boy! Bad boy!”

POW! POW!

“Because of you guys!!”

Whenever tears flew from the woman’s eyes, her hands twirled harder.

POW!

“Ah! I’m sorry!”

“Ahhhh!”

Someone might have stopped them, but Jaehwang was looking at the scene with delight so nobody could come forward. Unable to calm down their frightened hearts because of the children, two women could only look around after beating the children for a long time. They were now slowly returning to reality.

Moreover...

“Awk!!!!!!”

It was like they just realized that they were in the airfield. The monsters around them were so huge that the women didn’t even think that it was a monster at first. Seeing the monster as high as a two-story building, and the tunnel in their mouths, the women finally sat on the floor and shook their legs.

It was then.

The oldest child of the children grabbed Jaehwang by the collar and said, “Pleases, Mr. God, my dad... Please save my dad!”

2

The coziest place in the airfield was Jaehwang’s quarters. The original home of the airfield owner was rented by Jaehwang. Listening to all the words of the child, Jaehwang breathed a low sigh. In a way, it was Jaehwang’s responsibility that the fathers of these children were in such a situation.

No matter how thin the walls between the dimensions were, it would have been Ruler who poured the monsters into the earth. Of course, the responsibility of those pathetic owners of dark holes was clear. If they had listened to Jaehwang, they would have made good preparations for Dark Earth Gate, they had enough capacity for it as well. This kind of disaster happened while taking too much time to discuss this and that issue.

“Irumi. I think I’ll have to hear a detailed explanation of this.”

Irumi never told him this. She hid it from Jaehwang on purpose.

“I’m sorry.” Irumi bowed her head as she had no excuse for Jaehwang.

Looking at her, Jaehwang shook his head. It was not that he didn’t know what she meant. Although Jaehwang was their savior, Jaewhang was in a position to prepare for a bigger job than that, but they are still trying to hang on to him.

They, to be exact, were the hidden politicians that moved the world. When everyone had to work for the survival of mankind, they tried to borrow only Jaehwang’s hand without thinking about using the power they had.

He felt pity for the child.

However, he will not be able to prepare for Ruler if he went around the world and listened to others’ petitions as he did before. It would be better for him to let them deal with it.

But he couldn’t, he couldn’t make good men pay. Jaehwang bit his lips.

“I can’t help it.” Jaehwang got up from his seat. At what he said, the three children and their mother looked at Jaehwang with an anxious look, but Jaehwang grinned at them. “Don’t worry.”

Jaehwang, who patted the child on the head, told Irumi, “Let’s go around the world and then cross the Pacific Ocean.”

“Will you be alright?” Irumi asked anxiously, she knew what he meant. Traveling around the world means saving all who suffered from the monsters of the Dark Earth.

“Trust me. I’m not that weak.”

Irumi looked at Jaehwang with a slightly sad expression at his words. He was trying to burden himself with the whole world’s crisis.

A few minutes later, the two mothers and their children left, leaving only Jaehwang and Irumi in the room. What followed was not a good story for them to hear.

Jaehwang ordered, “All units of the Invincible Palace will be called up.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Call Baeklin while gathering as much information as possible about things called dark holes.”

Irumi’s eyes grew a little bigger in the wake of Jaehwang. “What for?”

“This is what it is.”

Jaehwang told Irumi about his plans. A moment later, when his story was over, Irumi nodded with a determined look.

“I will follow your instructions.”

“I think I should teach the owners of the Dark hole how cruel I can be. If they don’t want to respond, I have to force it. Irumi, I am counting on you.”

Early in that morning, Jaehwang’s Atlas flew off from the old airfield. The bodies of those massive monsters would be handled by the Argentine government and Invincible Palace together. The reason for doing this, of course, was for the civilians suffering in the underdeveloped Argentina. That amount would be enough to help out the poor in Argentina. The Atlas, carrying Jaehwang, traversed the South American continent.

It was not just a crossing.

He massacred all the monsters that appeared in one day and freed the Blue Diamond from isolation due to those massive monsters. Jaehwang, who did not even get down to Blue Diamond, went straight to North America. He continued to go around the world while killing those monsters.

[Praise the grace of God.]

The people of the world sent infinite respect and gratitude to Jaehwang.

This incident had strengthened their faith in him. Those who believed in him and worshiped him headed to the Republic of Korea as if they were saints and were busy praising him while stepping on his tracks. Jaehwang destroyed all the Dark Earth monsters that scared the world in just two weeks.

Samuel Lin of the World Hunter’s Office came in person and knelt down to thank him. And with him, he forwarded a pledge with a personal letter to Jaehwang from the owners of the dark hole and the details of their unconditional support to him.

But Jaehwang, who had read it, laughed out loud.

He didn’t need a sugar-coated eulogy in the first place. The important thing was the pledge... But the contents of the pledge were the same. It implied that they would rely on Jaehwang while preserving their power as much as possible. For that reason, it has emphasized efficiency, effectiveness, and sacrifice, but at the very beginning, they were only trying to dominate the planet again after it was just freed from the terror of those monsters.

“This is not it.”

Rip... RIP

“Ah...”

Jaehwang tore the covenant before Samuel’s eyes. “You still haven’t come to your senses. Digging a backdoor to be the master of history after this crisis is over... That’s great, these owners of the dark holes...”

At Jaehwang’s words, Samuel bit his teeth. Of course, Samuel knew. That these hidden people would never give up their power and position.

But the Master Archer didn’t seem to condone it.

“Why should I do such a free service? Explain it based on your great humanism.”

“...” Samuel closed his eyes tightly. If he opened his mouth, he felt like all the ugly facts would flow out.

The will of God from Jaehwang did not allow him to lie and with his ears, Jaehwang’s low but thunderous words rang.

“Get out, and experience the crisis that’s coming.”

“What’s that...” Samuel Lin asked, but Jaehwang didn’t bother to answer his question. It won’t be long before they realize it.

After Samuel Lin returned home, Jaehwang got ready to move straight to Elus. The purpose of that was to bring the dragons in. Hunters were not needed to break through the dungeon. No, they were more likely to become burdens. It was possible that the humans who could not resist Ruler’s power would turn right into Jaehwang’s enemies.

Only the dragons could resist the power of the Ruler. They would also try their best, as they would no longer have to listen to Jaehwang’s orders if they blocked the dimensions. While Jaehwang went to Elus... new Dark Earth gates have begun to spring up randomly on Earth.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 282: Agent of L and Al – 1




1

When the new Dark Earth Gates came to life, the people were worried that it might happen again. Should it be considered as bad timing? The gate, which was beginning to spring up again after a short break from monsters, had created a distrust of the media clamoring for reassurance. As the people were terrified, each nation began to defend against the Dark Earth Monsters.

This was the beginning of the situation that Jaehwang had hoped for. He wanted them to survive on their own until he stopped the Dark Earth. Of course, someone might say, “Why are you creating such a hassle?”

One could say that, “Shouldn’t we just release a video about the Dark Earth?” But it’s just a naive idea. The owners of dark holes were thoroughly hidden behind society and they tried to manipulate the flow of information to the public.

All they did was to tell the truth to the world through the media. Any truth could be destroyed overnight by being framed as nonsense like a conspiracy of aliens. Of course, Jaehwang could come forward and announce it himself. There’s no one in the world right now that could ignore Jaehwang’s words. That’s why the owners of the dark holes also accepted Jaehwang. Of course, to their taste.

However, Jaehwang decided to take a faster and tougher approach. To be fair and in truth, he was upset. What if one were running sweaty on his feet trying to do something about the fate of the world, but there were others who couldn’t stand having their shares at stake and turned selfish?

So, Jaehwang decided to take the method Baeklin used in the past. The injection of vaccines was a way of taking some sacrifice into account. The Dark Earth Gate occurred only where the owners of the dark holes were believed to be living or where their most important business base was located. Not so big gates sprung up and the monsters poured out. Funny enough, there was little damage from ordinary citizens, they also defended themselves quite well.

As expected, a formidable team of 8-Star hunters came out to defend. Before Jaehwang appeared, only Emperor and Empress were the strongest, but he didn’t expect them to have an attack squad made up of such hunters. They could have used it previously but they only brought it out when they were in a crisis. It wasn’t just that. They used laser satellite weapons that were usually used by Jaehwang in dealing with the dragon, but they also used self-destructing drones that he had never heard of and attacked the monsters. But, Baek-Mi was a cyborg soldier called the Iron Soldier.

Hundreds of robots appeared like packs of dogs and clung to monsters, each of which was not only great in their attack skills but also had its own built-in self-destructing device, causing fatal damage to the monsters in the event of an explosion. It was a clever use of the idea that the Mana shield only works on the outside of the body, but would not work when entering the inside the body. They crawled through various holes in the monster’s body and exploded inside, leaving the monsters helpless. But at some point, that was no longer useful. Over-technologies were of no use in the face of the terrifying monster of absolute strength that they could not resist.

Thud! Thud! POW!!

“Get away! Get back!”

“Run away!”

From the moment the monsters at the size of a building appeared, all they could do was observe. They were falling like reeds in the video shown by the Master Archer, and they were turning the whole world into hell as they endured dozens of missiles.

Although only a small fraction of the foundations of the owners of the dark hole had been destroyed, the situation had been very fatal. They do not only play behind others, but there were also many businesses that have been exposed to the outside world.

The biggest of them was the monster-related industries. From the state-of-the-art laboratories that study mana stones or by-products of monsters to processing plants or exchange markets that handled high value-added materials, Dark Earth gates were created and the monsters that poured out there collapsed all their businesses overnight. Fortunately, the Dark Earth gates disappeared on their own after only about a week or so. Like those gates that appeared in Tokyo in the past.

At such tactful reality, some even thought that someone might have terrorized them, but only four people knew that there was a technology in the world that could create gates. They were Kwon Je, Irumi, Jaehwang and Baeklin, the terrorist party. A secret was a secret when you know little, and Jaehwang was a man who knew it very well.

“Phew.” Baeklin had a rewarding look on his face as he wiped the sweat off his forehead. He received a total of 20 Tier-9 Mana Stones from Jaehwang... He used it to create the Dark Earth Gates while traveling around Europe and the U.S.

And now, he had completed the last 20 gate seeds.

“Thank you for your hard work.”

“No problem.”

The waiting mummies were loaded into a container, which was carefully sealed.

A fusion of mana stone, true method, and magic; those were used to make a hemispherical board about 3 meters in diameter and when installed, a mana stone would be inserted to create a gate.

This last gift was for the Rothschild family and since it’s the last, they can’t wait to see how great a gate would be created.

When he finished his work, he stood up.

“Uh...” His heart stung. It’s a pain that he felt in his mana stone.

Of course, it is not that he doubts about its performance. He just holds a grudge against who installed this mana stone in him. There would have been no such pain if he had been treated with a little more care, but he had no complaint against him. First of all, he saved Baeklin’s life.

He swept his chest with his new right hand. It was a part that had been bitten by a Dark Earth monster before, but he used magic to replace his hand. Although it was named the ‘Black Dragon,’ its official name would be the Heaven’s Elixir of Life. It was his secret weapon made with a monster’s divinity and depending on how it was used, it could be used to kill a Tier-9 monster in one blow.

“That’s ironic.”

He relished his appetite by drinking a pop full of caffeine he had left behind.

In the past, he did this alone. No one around him could be trusted. Although it was an atonement for what his ancestors did, it made him feel confident that he could at least struggle to prevent the convergence of the Dark Earth and the Earth for his loved ones in the Republic of Korea.

Then, he almost died when he met the patriarch of the Martial Arts House, the punisher of the Samsin family, who his ancestors feared the most, but it became a blessing and Jaehwang was now a reliable helper to him. No, he was not just a helper, but a much more powerful and fearful figure.

He traveled around Elus in the past for the lack of force, raising the Orcs that would be his strength for decades. While the Orcs were ignorant and barbaric, there have been no better monsters to use than them as long as the leader was wise to offer them direction. Well, those Hellkans and Orcs have also been destroyed by the Jaehwang himself, but he had no regrets. His powerful helper, Jaehwang, was now a ‘God.’ In addition, Goongi, who was by his side, was as strong as Jaehwang.

Even the two dragons, to whom he had to bribe all cigarettes in his Infinity Storage in Elus in the past, lost to Jaehwang and became his subordinates.

“It feels a little empty.”

After a few decades, his ancestors disappeared. They were decimated at the Dungeon to save him. Although they have been the main culprit behind the disasters and accidents for over thousands of years, they have also been great ancestors because they have been together for decades. After a moment’s silence, Baeklin soon began walking, naturally poking his hands into the pants.

It’s finally time to finish this tedious task.

“I’m just going to watch the back-to-back cartoons until they get here.”

2

Beep... Ding...Ding...Dung...

“L’s blessing has come. The ancient warrior in his protection...”

“Wow... L’s warrior descended.”

The song rang into the quirky beat. Five-color petals were falling from all sides as they cheered. Jaehwang walked between them with a blank face.

The Su girl he met before said, “Crick~ Une~ Koona~” at the end of every word, and he never knew there was such a colorful expression like this. The Su people’s capital welcomes Jaehwang’s visit. They were cheering and rejoicing at him.

In fact, this was not what Jaehwang had intended. No, not even L intended this from the beginning. The original plan involved him summoning them to earth, but L appeared alone. The reason was that Al was still not recovering. The injury by Goongi was so severe that Al almost died. L asked Jaehwang and Goongi to help restore Al and Jaehwang accepted her request.

So, they moved through L’s teleporter using her divinity, but at that very moment, the monsters poured out of the Dark Earth gate in Elus and L asked for their disposal. It was supposed to be done by L, but L was not responding properly to the Dark Earth monsters because she was taking care of Al.

It wasn’t that difficult for Jaehwang, so he wiped them all out. That was the beginning of this incident. When he thought it was over, he saw a group of palace knights and shamans flooding out from the temple. Originally, he would ignore it, but when L stepped up and said, “This was done by the god of the Earth,” it was seen as if an oracle was fulfilled, re-establishing the divinity that had been lost when he fought those monsters.

He accepted it because there was nothing to lose. Of course, that was it. Their business was in the Dark Earth anyway, and Elus was a town he wouldn’t come back if it weren’t for the dragons. The problem was after the status of Al was reported.

“How the hell did you make Al like this?” L said with a growl.

“Hah! Did you want me to give a little bit of mercy to an enemy? It was delicious. This guy... Especially that part...” The attacker, Goongi, responded to L’s growl, smacking his palate on the chest of a Su In. From Goongi’s point of view, she only faced her enemies, and her myths had many fatal things to the same kind of deity. Having built myths through battles with other gods as a guard against the West, she had the power to eat a God and attacked Al with it.

Al’s Dragon heart suffered a fatal injury as Goongi chewed, tore and tasted it. L tried to recover somehow, but she was not enough alone. Of course, it wasn’t that there was no way... Al could recover his body Dragonheart through sleeping.

But then, Jaehwang can’t drag Al to the dungeon.

“Al can’t help you,” L said as if she didn’t want to deal with Goongi anymore.

“Hmm.”

To a certain extent, his side was responsible for the wound of this Red Dragon called Al, but also his side was the one that needed help, so Jaehwang must help them out, but he didn’t know how.

“How can I help?” When Jaehwang asked, L took a peek at Goongi and opened her mouth.

“First of all, you have to obtain your divinity here on this land.”

“And?”

“Well, not just the divinity.”

She followed her words slowly and when all her words were finished, Goongi growled as if she were threatening to tear her at once.

“Don’t imply it and just say you want to be killed.”

It sounds like a joke, but it’s not a joke. Jaehwang shook his head at her words.

“I’ll pretend that I didn’t hear what you told me about marrying the queen of the Dracoon.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 283: Agent of L and Al – 2




1

Dracoon was one of the three tribes of the Su People that comprised the Els. If the Su people served the gold dragon L, the Dracoon serves the Red Dragon Al. The Orcs were the ones who firmly defended their indigenous beliefs.

“But all the divinity you’ve absorbed now is mine. You have to absorb the divine nature of Al that stands opposite me so that you can do your part and give Al some strength to restore it, which requires the recognition from Al’s authorities. The fastest way to be recognized is through the queen of the Dracoons.”

.

“Isn’t it faster to exterminate the Dark Earth monsters in front of them?” It was Jaehwang who gained a considerable amount of credence from the Su peoples with only a brief show.

L shook his head. “That’s because I gave you a straight face. If I drop an oracle that you’re the tool of the Dark Earth, you’ll lose all your divinity now.”

“Hm.. how about the Orcs, then?”

“They’re torn by multiple tribes. They don’t unite but just growl at each other. They are so far away that there’s no such thing as an Orc Lord to establish an empire, so it’s hard to raise their sacred value in a short time. Well, not too long ago, Helkan had quite gathered his strength, but he was beaten to death by humans. It’s a shame, things would’ve been easier if he was alive.” A pretty familiar name came out of L’s mouth.

“Why?”

“For Orcs, the strong one is the law. If you’d come forward and beat him and showed them a few times your power, they wouldn’t dare fight against you, you would have easily acquired their divinity.”

“Huh...” Jaehwang groaned at L’s words.

It was himself who killed Helkan, he never imagined that it would come back this way. If Helkan was alive and had only brought him to his knees, Jaehwang would not need to marry the Queen of the Dracoon now.

Shaking his head, Jaehwang then said, “Can’t we just go with my power and Goongi’s?”

“It won’t be enough. The Dragon heart that holds his Divine Spirit was completely torn apart. It’s a sacred reconstruction work, but it’s possible if you get the 20% of the power that Al has. So, Dracoon...”

“I can’t accept it!” Goongi growled, cutting L’s words.

“What’s the point? It’s called marriage, but it’s a mere play to create a myth that a human warrior, the god of Elus and the agent of L and Al, brings together the longtime rivalry of the Su people and the Dracoon and then goes to destroy the Dark Earth... Ah! I’d rather call it an ancient warrior than a human one. Maybe humans have a bad image...”

“Why should I even care about such a myth.”

“Oh, that’s weird. Shouldn’t God try to have a better myth all the time?” L said while glancing at Jaehwang. Goongi shuts her mouth at L’s words.

It was not wrong. Like what L said, God likes to have grand myths that would be remembered for a long time. Even if it belonged to the heretics, it’s the same as instinct.

And Jaehwang, whom she loves, was still short of myths. She had to stop being stubborn when he’s involved.

But L’s words were answered by Jaehwang instead. “It won’t work anyway if we block in the three dimensions. So I’ll dismiss that.”

“Yes, that’s right!” Goongi spoke triumphantly at Jaehwang’s supportive works, but she frowned again at the ensuing words of Jaehwang.

“But we do need Al’s power to attack the Dark Earth.”

“As expected, right?” L was pleased to learn that in his words, Jaehwang didn’t mean to refuse entirely. L welcomed this idea because she did not want Al to fall asleep. A dragon, once asleep, sleeps at least 100 to 500 years. Al’s condition was so serious that he could spend 1,000 years in slumber. She would take all the work that would be left by Al and as a lazy dragon, she didn’t want that.

“How long?”

“A week at the earliest! I’ll let you finish in two weeks at the latest!”

Time was right too.

“Well, that doesn’t include his period of treatment, does it?”

“Of course. As long as you take Al’s divinity from here and assist me, the treatment will be over soon. Please help me, you need our power to destroy that dungeon anyway.” With L’s earnest tone and last request, Jaehwang nodded with a bitter smile.

“Okay.”

“Hey!!” Goongi held Jaehwang’s arm and inflated her cheeks. She hated Jaehwang being called someone’s husband, whether it was a play or something.

Jaehwang then hugged her. Then, he lifted her chin and kissed her deeply, whispering in her ear, “Just wait for me.”

Goongi’s cheeks glowed red at Jaehwang’s whisper. His sudden act of hitting her like this at some point, even though he usually behaved like a rock, made her heart flutter like a girl.

“Hing...”

2

Jaehwang entered the Su People’s capital. Jaehwang’s face was not so good, though he should be happy with the cheers that rang around him.

The head of a cat, the head of a bear, the head of a rhinoceros, the head of a lion, the head of a platoon, and the head of a tiger... Of course, it didn’t look very much like that of Earth. It’s just that it’s too confusing if he couldn’t distinguish it. The rhinoceros had a large horn on its nose and forehead, and the tiger’s head was named like that because it had a mane pattern stuck in its long protruding muzzle like a wolf.

The ones that looked familiar were the heads of the cats and lions because somehow, they have a human-like aspect. Some exceptions were the long tails of all kinds that were sticking out of it.

“Oh, ancient warrior.”

A huge square of the capital appeared and a cow-headed woman waiting in the middle of it bowed down to Jaehwang.

Whatever the oracle L gave her, their every act in terms of dealing with Jaehwang contains an extreme reverence. When Jaehwang nodded, the new girl fell on her knees reverently as if she were performing a ceremony, laying on her knees and smacking her lips at Jaehwang’s feet. The goddess of God, whom they believed, had her lips on the feet of a human being. Nevertheless, her actions have made the Su people more excited.

For them, of course, this action was quite natural, because L openly announced an oracle to all the Su peoples in the capital.

L, a Zen god they had trusted for thousands of years, told them to treat him the same way they treated her because he was an ancient warrior who descended to expel the Dark Earth Monsters from both of their words. In addition, they will make him the Grand Duke of the Su people and marry the Queen of the Dracoons in the name of L and Al. That was enough for them to believe and follow him.

In addition, he was a superpower who had wiped out all the Dark Earth monsters that were threatening the capital.

“Hm.” Jaehwang swallowed a groan while forcing his brows to narrow. He couldn’t get used to it no matter how hard he tried.

He had no problem talking to them with the translation techniques L had put on him, but the sight of all kinds of animal heads chattering in human words... He’s not that curious about the Queen of Su people either. It’s going to be wearing the head of a beast anyway.

It was then...

Beep... Beep...

As the loud drums rang, the huge gate of the royal palace, standing tall in the center of the capital, opened left and right and a group of Su peoples, dressed in glittering armor, walked out in a row. In many parts of their armor, the mana stone reflected the light and made them look more holy.

“This is the Royal Palace Division. They are here to escort the queen’s Grand Duke.”

“Is that so?” Jaehwang, who looked at them along with the saints, tilted his head.

Their spirit was quite formidable for someone who would just greet someone. The number was substantial, but at first glance, he already knew that it was over 100.

They were the ones who carried a powerful sense of mana, equivalent to the level between seven and eight-star hunters if they had gone to Earth. They were all showing hostility, big or small, to Jaehwang. The saint went ahead and bowed politely to the lion-headed leader, who stood in front of them.

But after a few words, the shaman girl suddenly glanced toward Jaehwang, but the lady’s expression that looked back at him was not good. He couldn’t read her face because of the cow mask, but her body language says she was clearly embarrassed.

Again speaking a few words, she returned to Jaehwang and fell flat on her stomach as if she had sinned.

“I’m sorry.”

“What’s going on?”

“It’s... it’s...” She couldn’t continue her words as if she dared to say an unholy thing... It was then. The lion-headed leader who talked to the lady shouted at Jaehwang. He was the strongest of the royal court knights.

“Our god L has put down an oracle, but we don’t trust you, those with human figures. Humans like you have committed a dirty crime and massacred innocent royal people not long ago in our capital city. They, too, came at first with faces disguised as goodwill, but behind them were only their ugly greed.”

Thud... boom!

When he hit the floor with the giant halberd he was carrying, a hundred royal knights who followed him also stamped their feet. All the Su people who cheered for Jaehwang fell silent as if they had made a promise to do so.

“However, we cannot ignore the oracle L has given us, but we will test the force of the ancient warriors here because he is said to be so powerful to drive out those evil dark creatures and humans!”

Thud... boom!

When he finished speaking, the palace knights took three steps back. Then, the lion-head holding the halberd came forward and stretched his shoulders. As if to show off his natural physical strength, he was wearing heavy gloves that looked to weigh over 300 kilograms. His height was about three meters, and the energy that was coming out of him seemed to be close to a 9-star hunter.

The shaman girl in the cow head then roared, “Leader of the Royal Guard! How dare you disobey L’s sacred and solemn will! Isn’t the test of force over already? The ancient warrior killed countless of Dark Earth creatures in one gulp before he came here. That incredible history is something that many people have clearly seen with their eyes, which I also assume you have—”

Her remark was interrupted by the captain of the lion head or the chief of the Royal Guard.

“We all heard of L’s solemn oracle. But I, Kodak El Lakers, are part of the living witnesses who have seen every single wrongdoing that those manipulative humans have done on our land! I can’t believe it! No matter how much L means it, I won’t change my mind even if his punishment would fall on me right now.”

The shaman girl shook her head at his words and said, “Captain! I’m saying this out of concern for you!”

Although he was committing an act of profanity against the will of God, he was both a pillar and an important figure to support this kingdom. If he tried to test a warrior and died at Jaehwang’s hands, he might not be able to fulfill L’s holy will.

“I swear in L’s name that even if I were killed by him here, I wouldn’t have a single grudge!”

The shaman shook her head at his words. It was not that she didn’t know what the head of the Royal Guard was thinking. She, too, would not have served this ancient warrior so sincerely if L had not personally put down an oracle. The head of the Royal Guard was a sacred line of royal blood with a sacred “L” in his middle name. When he gets hurt, things would look ugly.

“Well, the bottom line is you’re going to play me.” Jaehwang walked past her without a pause. As he stepped forward, the royal division captain’s mane trembled.

“Yes! I, Kodak El Lakers, ask you, ancient warrior, for combat!”

Holding his halberd tightly, he lowered his position. It had come to a point where it could no longer be stopped.

“I’ll reveal the ugly faces of you humans.” The head of the Royal Guard growled, revealing his long fangs. The murderous intent and jealousy that flowed from him ate into the surrounding area, as his lion’s snare began to spark. This was proof that he was a superhuman who has reached an extreme peak.

‘I’m sure that that evil human being did something about it.’ He had fought quite a few battles with humans and in the process, he also saw many incomprehensible objects that humans have. He was convinced that that ancient warrior was also a fraud.

“Cute.” Jaehwang walked unguardedly to the head of the Royal Guard, who was only looking for a chance to lower his posture and run. As their distance drew closer, the Mana Stones stuck in the leader’s armor began to shine brilliantly. The Mana stones crafted with special visions have the power to amplify the leader’s mana in an instant.

He was able to cut the neck of a Tier-9 monster because of it but...

Stomp...

As the body of the ancient warrior got closer, the head of the Royal Guard began to tremble.

Stomp...

One more step... The explosive surge of speculation and life in his mind dissipated like flame meeting a fire extinguisher.

Stomp...

His strong weapon, the Halberd, felt too heavy.

Stomp...

His eyes instinctively fell to the floor. It was the cry of an unfamiliar instinct that he had never heard before, and it shattered his determination to fight.

‘Come at me and you will die.’

And...

Rub...Rub

Someone patted his head.

“Good boy.”

The chief of the Royal Guard was feeling something... from deep inside his belly... and then, he closed his eyes tightly to feel the expression of that good feeling which was an instinct.

“Arrrrrrrr...”

“Cute boy...”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 284: Dracoon – 1




1

Thud...

The head of the Royal Guard knelt down. There was no need for any weapons.

His strong power, enormous mana, or strong vision was of no use. It was not even comparable to him in the first place.

Pat... Pat...

The lion’s mane, which had been stretched out in all directions with an ominous energy, was also finely twitching under Jaehwang’s touch as if he had never been hostile. As Jaehwang patted his long fangs in his mouth, the head of the Royal Guard, who was a proud pillar of the Kingdom of the Su people, laid his face down with his tail trembling.

In front of Jaehwang, he realized that he could not even be an Orc or a Goblin in front of a dragon. The hundred royal knights who were standing firm also split themselves up when Jaehwang just looked at them. It wasn’t because their conductor surrendered. The intense speculation that a human being put on as a joke made them stand back.

“Guide me.”

“Yes.” The head of the Royal Guard, who turned soft, stood in front of Jaehwang. Given the honor and pride of defending the royal family of the Kingdom of the Su people, it was a change that no one could think of.

But inside him, he could not think at all.

Maybe this was how it felt to be standing on a cliff. His brain, exposed to Jaehwang’s speculation, was already in a mess. The only thing that he would be able to do now was to fulfill Jaehwang’s orders like a well-tamed dog.

“Woahhhhhhhh...”

People in the capital city who didn’t know what’s going on were cheering for them. Upon entering the castle while following his guidance, hundreds of soldiers armed with flashing armor were soon spotted. Behind them, everyone in the castle gathered and looked at Jaehwang. Their clothes were like the aristocrats’ and were luxurious, but they were all animal-headed anyways.

The road to the castle was quite complicated. It’s not narrow, but it seems to be full of roundabouts.

After such a long walk, he reached the front of the palace in a few minutes. As he passed the Dogae Bridge and entered the area, he could see that the Su people were lining up in a different sense than before.

With sacred energy flowing through their bodies like the knights, they lowered their heads en masse toward Jaehwang.

‘They’re strong.’

Their numbers were small, but he could feel that they were really strong. Of course, his object of the comparison was only the head of the Royal Guard who was leading the way, but with their power, they could easily catch a tier-10 monster.

As they were escorted inside a moment later, on a high platform, they soon saw a huge golden-colored rooftop symbolizing L on a wide-spread red carpet. And it was the Queen of Su who sat at an angle on it.

The Queen of Su was young. Her body, wrapped in a delicate white, sky-high dress, had all kinds of brilliant jewels that made her body stand out even more.

He could almost feel her voluptuous beauty beyond her race. As she looked up at Jaehwang with an agitated and languid look, she raised herself. But her spirit was quite different when she lifted herself up. He could feel the absolute beauty of the ruler of this country. She gazed solemnly at the approaching Jaehwang. As she raised her hand, the people standing on the left and right sides of the throne pulled their weapons together. There was not much welcome in sight.

“Stop,” said the queen, but Jaehwang didn’t stop on his tracks.

The hall was covered in a commotion.

“Hmm” She didn’t welcome the ancient warrior very much. L told her to consider him as an equal to L herself through her oracle, but she knew well what her people had suffered from humans.

When the men’s mission arrived, they greeted them in a desperate attempt to forget any of their previous conflicts. The Su cooperated with them for all their convenience, but their true intentions were full of greed that drooled over the distribution of Mana Stones, which was considered the most sacred and important thing in their kingdom. In the end, the men attempted to sneak all mana stones away and committed a massacre to those who had set out to arrest them before they ended up infiltrating L’s sanctuary.

She was grateful that the Dark Earth monster, which was threatening the capital city, was killed instead. It was hard for the queen to accept him, even though L told her to greet an ancient warrior through an oracle. So, she tried to test him, but her opponent didn’t seem to want to take her test. The queen tried to order her guardians to arrest the warrior...

...but she could not lift her hand.

The closer Jaehwang approached her, the more relaxed her expression began to be. And then, as soon as Jaehwang stood in front of where she was standing, the queen’s expression turned loose and was completely untied. This was not simply a phenomenon that happened because Jaehwang was attractive or because he was strong.

It was because of one of the myths that Jaehwang had...

[Goongi’s master [class S]].

[Goongi’s master] wasn’t originally a myth that would end in class S. It meant that he owned a different god, but their relationship was so secretive that it’s not well known. Nevertheless, it was only because it was a combination of the two gods.

The Myths did not have a single effect like a skill.

There were many influences that affected the connection between Goongi and Jaehwang or the two. Their synergy would be amplified when they would fight together because they share their spirits. And there’s another little impact like this...

‘Su People’s affinity increased by 30%.’

The essence of Goongi was the spirit of the tiger and the goddess. Tigers and lions were similar anyway, and that’s why this ability works. The head of the Royal Guard was not just playing tricks on Jaehwang.

That’s because there was the power of Goongi lurking inside Jaehwang. The queen of the Su had lost her mind. Then, with a sly gesture, she approached Jaehwang gently. Her rejection against a human being has long gone and soon, she behaved like an accepting wife towards her husband that her god had nominated for her. She raised her hand and touched Jaehwang’s heart. The mysterious aura that emanated from Jaehwang made her more excited.

But her intentions were bound to fail.

SWOOSH

Someone stopped her hand and at the same time, a face popped out of Jaehwang’s chest. It was Goongi. Imitating herself as a Su, her face was marked with a mottled pattern of tiger and long fangs in her mouth.

“How dare you try to touch him, you bitch!”

The Su people’s queen sat back, oblivious to her dignity. When their queen collapsed, the countless Su people around them tried to jump in surprise but a moment later, they were all mesmerized by a woman escaping from the body of the ancient warrior.

Ziiiing!!!

With a radiant look on her face, she looked down at the Queen of the Su tribe with an arrogant expression.

“This bitch is dashing a nasty smell somewhere.” Two ears popped out in between Goongi’s hair. It was her who dared not see the approach of another female approaching her significant one. She did suppress her anger a lot.

“Krrrrrrrrrrrr”

An explosive burst of anger began to fill the palace. With that, a red aurora formed a figure in her body.

“Oh...”

“Ah...that is...”

It was a huge winged tiger. It was not an illusion. The mere sight of it made the people’s head drop. Its irresistible and powerful stature had the power to defeat the will of resistance just by its presence.

“Goddess.”

“Goddess.”

Everyone in the palace fell flat on the floor. No one resisted. No, no one tried to resist her at all. Although the appearance of that god was quite different from their original god “L,” they were unable to overcome their passions for another god, wagging their tails to the fullness of their spirit that they had never felt with L.

It was obvious. No matter how long they served L, L was a dragon. Although she was an absolute deity, it did not bridge the fundamental differences of their species. It was just her governance through oppression, fear, and termination that kept them in place, but the Goongi that appeared now was like the ultimate perfection of the Su people, their wavelengths were so finely matched.

Soon after, on the throne where the Queen of the Su people was sitting, Goongi sat at a slant angle, pompously looking down at the Su people. Even the queen of the Su tribe was sitting on her knees in front of her, looking at her with ecstatic eyes.

Only Jaehwang was sitting next to the throne, scratching his head as he appreciated this whole scene.

2

“Something’s gone wrong...”

L, flying in the sky with Goongi and Jaehwang on his back, was now as complicated as she could be. They did succeed at making the Su people recognize Jaehwang but what made it terrible was the feeling that Goongi made him feel like a sidekick.

Whether it’s Goongi or Jaehwang, it doesn’t matter but the problem was that the amount of power flowing to Goongi was exploding. Now they were in a hurry, but L had a bad feeling that she will need a lot of time to recover her original divinity in the future. No, what if these two wanted to take over Elus?

‘I am raising a wild beast in my own home.’

“Is it still far away?”

“Soon.”

“Let’s go fast.”

“I am not your means of transportation!”

“Yes, you are a slave, just go faster.”

“Ha.. fine.” L, who answered Jaehwang’s question by gnashing his teeth, increased her speed. She couldn’t teleport to the capital of the Dragoons.

This was not because of its location or distance, but because the southernmost tip of the continent, where the legacy of the ancient people of the past remains strong, was their destination. In the capital of the Dracoons, there were still magical defense facilities in existence built by the ancient people, one of which limited the movement of space near the capital.

That’s why L was moving with her body like this.

“But I hear that the Dracoons serve the Red Dragon Al. Is it okay for you to go?” Jaehwang asked. Whether it’s role play, Al is the demon god and the L is in the position of the good god. Jaehwang asked out of doubt whether it would be okay for L to give an oracle while it’s not her that the Dracoons serve.

“Sometimes we switch roles so it doesn’t matter.”

With that said, the golden fuselage of L began to turn red. The shape of her horn had also changed oddly and her tail had grown a bit longer. Her appearance was similar to that of the Red Dragon.

“You’re such a fraud,” Jaehwang said.

“Huh.” L wanted to say something but now, she’s not only tied to Jaehwang but he’s also a necessity for Al’s treatment. While L was murmuring her complaints inside her mouth, one of Goongi’s eyebrows cracked up as she laid on Jaehwang’s knee and munched on the chocolate that Jaehwang had put in her mouth.

“Hmm?”

When she raised her head, Jaehwang, who shared her senses with him, also squinted his eyes and looked to one side. And what the two felt now was felt by L, too.

“That’s pretty big. Is that the guy named Ruler?” L’s voice became a little tense.

A considerable presence was felt beyond the horizon. The problem was that the place beyond the horizon was the capital of the Dracoons, but Jaehwang just shook his head as a response. Jaehwang knew that being.

“No, it’s one of the Ruler’s men.”

Jaehwang and Goongi have seen him. It was among the last ones to show up when they met Ruler in the Dark Earth and fell into a trap and faced super-massive monsters.

They didn’t fight it.

He wanted to avoid unnecessary fights, but at the same time, it was too burdensome to fight that one while having the anxiety factors called Ruler. But now, he could feel its energy in the direction of the Dracoon’s capital.

“Hmm.” L stiffened her face at Jaehwang’s answer and raised her altitude. As she soared to the top of the cloud, her visibility widened and soon, the situation on the ground was revealed.

“It’s big.”

There saw a huge gate that almost devoured a mountain. It was so overwhelming that it was even bigger than the ones on earth, and there were massive monsters crawling out of there and they were all moving in one direction. And there stood a huge fortress that seemed to have carved a mountain out of its entirety where the battle between the Monster and the Dracoon was now raging.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 285: Dracoon – 2




#1

“The magic defense facilities are about to collapse,” L spoke in mixed tones.

The round curtain that covered the fortress in its entirety flashed intermittently in the air and disappeared. Below the fort was a swarm of Dark Earth monsters that were already impossible to count. There were super-sized monsters that appear to be Tier-10 to Tier-11, making Tier-6 and Tier-7 ones look so small.

It was definitely a different scene from the Earth. If the Earth were to use high-tech weapons at every their gate through numerous hunters, the Dracoons were using the walls to defend themselves, just as those of in the Middle Ages. There were huge bumps on the walls that run down the middle of the mountain. Dozens of bumps were listed on the third floor down to the second floor, where purple-skinned Dracoons were throwing magic spells and arrows. The fortress wall, which was carved from the interior of the rocky mountain, looks about two kilometers wide. Literally, it was a fortress where a thousand men could defeat a ten-thousand troop.

“Sh-te-na-da!”

A waterfall of fireworks...

“Ma-Ta-Shh-Ha-Ak-S!”

The spear of ice flew away...

Swoosh! Swoosh!

It was those who shot the bows that were spectacular. As thousands of Dracoons fired red and blue arrows, the colorful trajectory of light went to the monsters and exploded.

BAAAAM!!!

Blazing flames and ice eruptions ripped the Dark Earth monsters mercilessly. It wasn’t just that.

Beep!

Tens of Wyverns, on which the Dracoons rode, were thrown down in unison and dropped rain of boulders over the monsters’ heads. At the top of the mountain, high-leveled archers and wizards were throwing away huge flakes of fire. Each time, the Tier-7 or 8 monsters fell to the ground and the other monsters trampled on them to death. But the problem was that there were so many monsters around them.

If there seemed to be a vacancy for a while, it was soon filled with more.

Boom!!! Booooom!!

These days, there were monsters who were ignorant of the walls and hundreds of them who were hitting and climbing the walls. They range from those who shoot the breath, which appeared to be super-strong, to those who shoot out flames and launch far-ranged attacks. Fortunately, the Dracoon’s fortress itself was in a very high place to deal with these monsters. If they had dealt with them on the ground, the Dracoons would never have been able to hold out.

But then, after a moment, the leader standing in the midst of the monsters also began to move. His size was approximately 200 meters and was not larger than the others. With an obese body, he looked like a bear-like figure covered with scales. The difference from he had from the other monsters was that his whole body was covered with horns, his chest and shoulders were overblown and his head looked like an alligator’s. After a while, its neck began to swell and the Dracoons went wild.

“Here it comes again!”

“For the glory of Al!”

“Stop it with all your life!”

Jaehwang could clearly hear their desperate cries in the air.

“Argh!”

A white column came out of its mouth and shot out into the walls of the fort.

“The barrier!”

The fortress was blocked by a much stronger round membrane than before. They must have kept that for this situation. A power struggle between the two great energies had begun.

Zaaaap!!! Zap!!! ZING!!!

“Ugh! It’s piercing!”

“Stay!”

It held on for a while. The round curtain was broken, and the white column of light shot straight at the fortress.

Zing!!!

It tore through the walls of the fort. The white column of light did not end short. Every time it swept and left a deep scar on the fortress wall, huge rocks fell and countless Dracoons died without even leaving a trace. It was then, its eyes, which were firing white columns of light, turned to the sky. It was too fast of a transition for its size. Its eyes met with Jaehwang’, who was flying in the air and at the same time, the monster’s head was bent towards the sky.

Beep!!!!

The rays of light that shot up, tearing the fortress diagonally, were fired at L in an instant.

“Huh!!!!!”

In the sudden attack, L twisted herself to escape the beam. The light tore up the space a few more times to get L, but L was quite fast. She avoided it with all sorts of ridiculous aerial maneuvers, as she did on Earth.

But that was not the end of her opponent’s attack. Suddenly, a white spark began to rise from his horns, and a white beam was fired at her.

“Kyyyaaaak!!” The beam devoured L’s body and in it, L twisted in pain.

The white light, which contained a powerful blitzkrieg energy, made L’s body stiff and slowly suffer. But feeling the danger, Jaehwang had already jumped from L. Goongi had already turned into a hawk and was covering Jaehwang’s shoulders. He moved as if he was on the ground because he was intertwined with Goongi. Falling down toward the ground at a rapid pace, Jaehwang pulled the Arrow out of the Infinity Storage.

“Interesting.” The corners of Jaehwang’s mouth curled up. His attack was not just a blitz attack. There was a surprisingly divine power in it, and any opponent who was struck with it was not only disturbed but absorbed by it. The operation was so exquisite that anyone would want to learn it. Of course, that’s just a thought, and now...

“Let’s fight.”

He’s pretty strong.

A feeling of triumph in him arose, all he had to do was to obtain his divinity somehow.

He hated playing the role of an ancient warrior. It would be easier to acquire his divinity by saving this fortress.

Zap....Zap...

A red gale rose from Jaehwang’s body.

#2

“Al has come!”

“Oh, Al!”

The Dracoons raised their hands. God himself had appeared to save them. But when Al was shaken by the rays of the leader of the monsters, there was despair in their eyes. They have been waiting desperately for him. The monster’s rays, which seemed to be the leader’s, were too powerful.

All the magicians who had come down from the ancient times and protected them broke down in that monster leader’s rays, but they had hope.

Because the God that they believed in was not weak. They believed that the reason why God was not showing up now was that they could endure it. It was not that they never fought against the monsters of the earth. They’ve been doing well and they thought they’ll continue to do so.

But what appeared now was completely different from what they used to face.

It’s time for everyone to be frustrated like that.

“This is impossible!” Leah, the queen of the Dracoon tribe, shook her head nervously. They couldn’t give up. They could no longer retreat now that there was an entire group of Dracoon people inside their fortress. If they gave up, they will all be killed by those monsters.

“I’ll try the Hetarus myself!”

“No, my Queen!”

“If you fall, things will only get worse!”

Her cry was strongly dissuaded by those around her. The Hetarus was an attack where they would pour all of their mana to fire a single but powerful magic arrow. However, as strong as it was, its side effects were also very large that the fighters who tried the Hetarus could not even stand up for a while after using it due to excessive overload of energy.

“I am the strongest! It’s just me now! Get ready for the Hetarus, everyone!” She cried out. She uses the biggest bow of the Dracoons! She was the strongest warrior and wizard of their race who could fire the most powerful arrow.

She stood tall at the highest point.

The longest horn was rising on her forehead, the royal family whose blood was said to be the thickest among the Dracoons and who were said to have dragon blood, began to glow blue. The warriors around her gathered. As they reached for her, the blue manna from their hands began to gather towards her. Leah, the queen of the Dracoons, slowly took a deep breath and raised her bow. Carefully, she took an arrow out of the quiver and inserted it into the bow. Her body soon trembled.

“Awk...”

Accepting another’s mana was accompanied by pain. No matter how powerful she was, it was the same. It’s time for her to hold back her groan and slowly pull the bow.

“Up there!”

A warrior glared his eyes as he pointed his finger at the air. Leah’s eyes also grew as she followed him. A figure was falling from the air to the bottom of the painful L. No, it’s not falling off. Behind his back was a red wing, and in his hands, there was a bright red flash.

#3

Jaehwang aimed at the monster who was shooting at him with a white light. A puff of red force formed on The Arrow and soon began to spin slowly.

The Arrow of the Divine Punishment.

Pow!! POW!! BAAAAM!!!

From Jaehwang, the red line was shot out. It was faster than light. Condensed into a piece, the light contained destructive power. A moment later, the monster’s white ray and Jaehwang’s red light collided.

Kaaat!

The red light that hit the white beam continued its way towards the monster. It seems as if it’s alive and wriggling as it avoided the white ray. It was not long before the monster’s head collided with the arrow.

BOOM!

With a loud noise, the monster’s head was pushed back. At the same time, the spark in the horn of the monster spread around it.

“Hm.”

The back of its head was coming back. It was not without damage, blood was pouring down from one of his eyes.

But that was the end.

From his one remaining eye, the wild, untidy wild anger erupted.

“That’s amazing.” One corner of Jaehwang’s mouth curled up. The monster dispersed and attacked everything around it.

‘It’s like a spider’s web.’

‘That’s right.’

Its divinity, seen through the eyes of Goongi, came from drawing and using that of the surrounding ones’ as if they were his own. Not only his attacks but also his damage was dispersed. Jaehwang’s attack a little while ago was just enough to kill him. It was Jaehwang’s way of fighting out his opponent with neither excessive nor insufficient force.

“Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrak!”

The monster bursts into creepy laughter. It’s as if it was laughing at Jaehwang. He was mocking Jaehwang as if he could not take him down.

“This is getting interesting.” Jaehwang grinned, it dared to provoke him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 286: Dracoon - 3





Chapter 286: Dracoon – 3




#1

Jaehwang refrained from trying so hard in the beginning because he wanted to sort of 'get the taste' of his enemy. He must identify the capabilities of the monster leader to prepare for future battles.

All battles involve planning. Jaehwang gained a lot of strength, but he doesn't just pour himself into the battle. It was efficient to gather as much information as possible, grasp the capabilities of the enemy's power and then aim for its maximum effect. Also, Goongi, who collects information separately from Jaehwang, said something unusual.

'He's got a similar way of operating his mana as the Dracoon. It's weird to call it a coincidence. Maybe he's stealing some of the Dracoon's powers right now.'

'Stolen? Are you saying a monster is learning?'

'It's just a possibility. But it's not impossible either. And if he can do it, so can the Ruler.'

'That's not good at all.'

It reminded him of the Ruler when she said the monster was stealing his opponent's ability. When they first met, Ruler tried to measure Jaehwang's ability by sending monsters to him sequentially. Next time, he also appeared in person and tried to grasp his psychology through dialogue. When he put those things together, the Ruler did seem very obsessed with information or maybe, he already stole one or two of Jaehwang's abilities.

Zap…

'Well, shouldn't we take care of him completely first and then think about it slowly?'

'I agree.' Jaehwang gathered his eyebrows in a white light that passed under his feet. He would have been a hit if Goongi hadn't moved shrewdly.

"It's a little annoying."

While doing tricks in the air with Goongi, Jaehwang made some modifications to his trade battle guidelines. There was always an unexpected variable in combat all the time. His flexible response to the situation also serves as the foundation for a victory. What was needed now was a bold investment and Jaehwang had enough and ample funds to make such an investment.

'Let's see how he reacts to the oppressive attack. Let's go up.'

'Alright.'

Following Jaehwang's words, Goongi soared quickly and when she reached her limit, she began to bend and fall again.

'Just give me some support.'

'Okay. I'm letting go!'

Swoosh!

Goongi let Jaehwang go. Jaehwang, who was starting a free fall at Goongi's pace, pulled out his bow and nocked an arrow. Moments later, a huge flow of mana gathered at Jaehwang's fingertips, which was incomparable to the previous ones. His mana became more and more condensed. As the mana gathered to its limits just before the explosion, they began expanding constantly while wriggling.

'The target is all monsters that come into sight!'

'If you spread the shock around, I wonder how you would react when everything around you is attacked.'

Pulling the Arrow to the limit, Jaehwang laid out the bow that he had been holding, focusing on the leader that was targeted in his gaze.

Swoosh...

The sound of the shot was so feeble. It felt as if a small blade of grass was swept to the ground by the wind.

But...

Drrr…BAAAAAAM!!! PAPAPAK!!!

As if to ridicule his sentiment of a moment ago, a tremendous roar that seemed to rip the earth apart exploded in concentric circles around him. Its sound was so loud that it could even erase the harrowing sound of the battle of fortifications from the ground. But that sound was only the beginning. It's a prelude to a devastating disaster that would take place in a few minutes.

BOOOOM!!!

Centered on the leader, hundreds and thousands of red beams shot down toward the ground. For a moment, the beam destroyed everything by literally making a circle, which was 700 meters in diameter, in the middle of the battlefield.

Everything was equal within that circle.

Only pain, screams and destruction were repeated in it. The beams of destruction, big or small, were ruthlessly crushed. The same was true of the leader, who was targeted for the attack.

"Arg!!!" He screamed and resisted. Its former shield appeared and began to fend off the other attacks once more.

Whenever there was a white spark, the shock would spread all over the place. Every time the sparks were on, the Tier-7 and 8 monsters were killed, but the upper-tier ones somehow managed to survive with their leader.

Zap…..

When Jaehwang's second attack ended, a huge space was seen among the monsters. All but a few super-high-leveled monsters have been massacred.

"Hooh, this is enough."

With the tip of his mouth twitching, Jaehwang was rising back into the air in reaction to the attack he fired into the ground. His second experiment on his opponent was approvable. Of course, the experiment is not over yet.

"Try this, too."

Zaaaaaap!

Once again, the red ray expanded like an explosion that was a little bigger than the last time.

Red sparks began to occur throughout Jaehwang's body, which clumped it up faster and began to suck the manna around him in a powerful way. Around his body, the mana's storm almost distorted space.

'I need to rest a little.'

L's voice came into Jaehwang's head. As he glanced at her, a red dragon, which seemed cooked, was crossing the fortress. Inside the white column of light was the divinity of the monster leader. She must have been quite tired from being exposed to it for a long time.

Moreover, as Jaehwang began to absorb some mana, it was no longer possible for L to be in the same space.

After a while...

Kwak!!!!! BOOM!

A third red light swept through the battlefield.

It was a little more intense than the second, it had a more lethal impact this time than his second attack. It was because the leader monster, after the first attack, had called more monsters around him. Although it was an effort to live longer, the monsters under his command became the targets of that red light.

Pow!!!

There were many monsters capable of launching long-range attacks, but they were now overwhelmed by the fact that they had to withstand that demon's attack with their bodies.

Thud…Thud…

In an instant, thousands of monsters were massacred again. Few monsters now rushed into the fortress. Their leader drew his powers around desperately to survive. There was no longer a willingness to fight in him, who was bleeding in one eye.

his only hope was that the genocide, which was overwhelming and he would be fed up with, would soon end so he could return to the Dark Earth.

"Ha, survive this one too!"

His third attempt was a wide-area attack that enabled him to use his divinity economically. Compared to the non-economic wide-area attacks he made in Dark Earth, he used about 50 percent of his energy. But their leader was still alive.

Jaehwang's face hardened.

There will be at least a dozen of such monsters in the Dark Earth. It would be quite difficult to fight them even with Goongi if such things were to come together all at once.

"Okay." With a nod, Jaehwang rallied again. It's time to end it, he pushed his divinity to the fullest extent possible. At the same time, he also brought up his new myths.

'God of Murder' [SS-Class]'

SWOOSH!

The gathering of mana contained only the will to kill and destroy. God's will meant power.

'Goongi, find it for me.'

'All right!'

Goongi's myth began to chase the primitive flow of life that all monsters entering her sight had. That's what she did at the Dark Earth. This time, her space was not limited, she targeted everything in sight. Soon, when the sources of all the flows were aimed at Jaehwang's eyes, Jaewhang let his arrow loose.

"Die."

#2

"Oh, ah, ah..."

Looking up into the sky, Leah, the queen of the Dracoon, almost stumbled and sat down. It was pointless to be in the middle of a blood-sparking, and flaky battlefield. It was such a place where the screams of her people were rife just a moment ago but now, her ears hear no sound.

The only thing that she felt was the catharsis of pleasure accompanied by ecstasy. Beautiful, only that simple definition of a word was in her head. It was so beautiful. If there were arts in war, that would be compared to god's work.

Yes, he was a god.

She dared not look at him because he was too bright. She wants to kneel and praise him right away. The god, who appeared from heaven with a bow, gave the monsters who threatened the survival of the Dracoon the grace of merciless slaughter. Look at those monsters. Just a little while ago, full of life and madness, they pushed her people to their last fortress, but in the eyes of the monsters who attacked them, they were now filled with fear of death rather than determination.

She recalled the hidden pages of the Dracoon history she had read a long time ago, the true god of the Dracoon that was believed by the ancient Dracoons who lived before the era of the evil god Al but had to be forgotten in time.

Dragona.

"Dragona has come beyond time and space."

It was a forgotten ancient god of the Dracoons who judges good and evil by holding a bow in one hand and a flame in the other.

Coincidentally, the main weapons of the Dracoons were bows and magic, and that god was also using bows to attack those huge monsters. Although there was Al that they served for thousands of years, Al was also a new god of a different tribe. The idea that Dragona was the true god of the Dracoons was deeply embedded in Leah's heart.

Zaaap…!

"Oh, ahhhhhhh... Dragona...!" The staggered Leah finally knelt down.

The sky was brimming with a red sun. She extended her hands to him, not even knowing that her tears trickled down. At the same time, there was a blinding explosion of light.

A moment later when all the bursts of light disappeared, she exclaimed in a fit of faint emotion, "Dragona saved us!"

"Dragona? Dragona...! Our god!"

A new ancient god, who was much more powerful than the "Al" who fell over the mountain after being beaten by a monster's attack, had been revived.

Look, listen, here's the history of Dragona.

His arrows killed all his enemies, he was the man who appeared with the sun and saved the Dracoons.

#3

Leah, the queen of Dracoon, laid her face down in front of Jaehwang. Thousands of Dracoons who came out of the fortress and those who had been hiding inside and underground all poured out and bowed to Jaehwang. Their number was likely to be hundreds of thousands.

"Great Dragona." At her lead, they all shouted at Jaehwang.

Although Jaehwang is a human figure, originally a myth related to Dragona shows that Dragona has many forms of life. There were times when he took the shape of a dragon or an ancient man and the image of a native Dracoon, so they didn't care if Jaehwang's figure was like the earthlings who invaded them.

He was the God who wiped out the enemies from their last fortress.

'What's a Dragona?'

'It is the native god worshipped by the Dracoon in ancient times. There's still a record of it huh? Damn it.' L grumbled as if she didn't like something.

It has been only a few millennia since L and Al were divided into the good and evil spirits that ruled Elus. So, of course, before them, there were gods who had been served well. L had an ominous hunch that something they had forgotten had been resurrected by this human that she brought back.

"It's not bad. Hey, soften up your face, won't you?" Goongi, who appeared as a half-man and half-animal, leaned over Jaehwang's shoulder and said that to L.

As soon as L saw Goongi's eyes, she lowered her gaze. L became scared as Goongi expressed her will that if L didn't leave Jaehwang alone, she would have to pay for that. From Goongi's point of view, it wouldn't be so good to see her beloved Jaehwang being praised by some other creatures. It's not what L originally wanted, but who cares? It was not bad for L as it was all about reviving Al again anyways.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 287: Preparing for an expedition - 1





Chapter 287: Preparing for an expedition – 1




# 1

Of course, it was only Jaehwang's position and L was uncomfortable all along.

The story proceeded in a somewhat different direction from the original schedule. Their original schedule was intended to involve the gods, L and Al. To be exact, L had thought of the story of an ancient warrior who appeared under the protection of the good and evil spirits. That's the only way that the myth will not go beyond that of L and Al.

They tried to make it a sub-mythology of L and Al, but he turned out to be almost their equal because of that story. Goongi was originally a deity that represented the tiger. It's not clear whether it's because the royal family of the Su was cats, but they became very quickly influenced by Goongi.

The Queen of Su, whose tail wobbles with joy every time Goongi glances at her made it pretty obvious that she's into her. The problem was that this was nothing. The myth about Goongi didn't even exist in the first place. The problem was that Al's divinity was seriously damaged. For one reason (from L's point of view) they mistook Jaehwang as the god of the ancient Dracoon, Dragona.

Of course, Jaehwang exterminated the monsters with a mythical dignity, but it would have been possible for L if she didn't let her guard down.

The biggest problem was that she can't complain about it. Her reason would be that fierce female cat putting some pressure on her in the dark.

"I think you're badly hurt, L. Go somewhere and get some rest."

"Hm."

"Hm?"

"Oh, no."

L dropped her eyes when Goongi stared at her after L snorted once for no reason. Yeah, let's be honest, she was afraid of Goongi, and let's say they're fighting. It would be better for her to burn to death or be shot to death by Jaehwang's arrow. She couldn't imagine being eaten alive. Though she didn't tell them, L had a kind of trauma when she watched Al being ripped off. While still being alive, his stomach was torn, gutted, and his Dragonheart was broken. They were living creatures too, this meant that they also fear. That's why she was more afraid of Goongi, who was lurking behind her than Jaehwang.

As L went away, Goongi pulled herself into Jaehwang's arms, seemingly seeking for some praise.

"Phew..." Jaehwang patted Goongi's hair as if he couldn't stop her.

Her mind was connected and her thoughts were clear to him. Though Jaehwang didn't bother to step up, it seems like Goongi didn't plan on taking things too far either. Goongi was the type that takes the advantage when she could.

"Why would you do this if we would block the dimensions anyway?" Jaehwang said.

"Even if you don't pretend to be a God here, it's good to look over them at least for once. Why would you give up on this? You could absorb it step by step, and this is what you would do because it can get in the way."

Jaehwang smiled wryly, she must be talking about the strange identity that was being absorbed by his body. Jaehwang opened the status window. If he had been connected to a SAVE in the past, it would have printed a piece of information about this phenomenon now.

But now, it's a complete departure from the SAVE, so Jaehwang himself should touch it.

"Is there a case of a forgotten divine being getting resurrected?" Jaehwang asked Goongi. Goongi knew more about the story about that other God than Jaehwang. Goongi nodded to Jaehwang's question.

"Of course, a single record won't be erased from me."

"Then, this is not just about Elus but also about Earth?"

"Yes, but you don't have to do that on Earth. You've almost given me the divinity you've established on Earth. You don't have to look for and remind yourself of a forgotten deity, it's just complicated. Of course, absorbing it may raise your divinity, but it is time-consuming."

"That's true." Jaehwang nodded to Goongi's clear answer. He'll just look at it later when he had more time to kill.

"And it's just a gut feeling, but I think that the Dragonar had a formidable size. Maybe it was a lot taller than you are now. So for now, just focus on analyzing it and fixing it. You'll get something eventually," Goongi continued.

"Okay."

She acted like a mature senior, forgetting herself being childish a moment ago. Jaehwang shook his head then began to analyze it, which was now being absorbed and coming in. What could be analyzed and quantified was quantified and those that cannot be quantified were taken and attached to the things that were similar in nature. He didn't know everything about being divine yet, but he understood the principle roughly.

Thanks to his recent study on computer programming, something worth seeing had been added to the status window.

God: Dragona –

Restoration of the divinity: 6%

Divinity absorption: 1%

The numbers were slowly going up. The amount of absorption that was carried out at the same time, although only 6 percent, was quite satisfactory. He felt like he's on a treasure hunt. He thought that it would get quite interesting once the search was complete.

"I have to stay here for a while." Jaehwang shared his status window with Goongi, who gave him a nod.

"Yeah, maybe a few days."

About two days later, Jaehwang was able to absorb all the forgotten god's divinity. In fact, it was proper to say that it was a remnant of a vanishing god rather than a deity. The subject of the divinity had already died out, so Dragona cannot be revived unless Jaehwang succeeds it.

It would be possible if he took the time, but he gave up because it required a long stay at Elus.

Then, things proceeded at pretty fast speed.

Whether it was Dragona or an ancient warrior, he immediately began to recover Al and soon, the Red Dragon was able to wake up. There was a small episode when Al almost got beaten up by Goongi after he woke up and growled at her.

Anyway, when the four of them got together, Jaehwang shared what he had learned so far with everyone. This was the first time for Al to have a conversation, although L knows it roughly. Al, who heard everything Jaehwang said, nodded and opened his mouth.

"The bottom line is that we need to move fast."

"Yes."

Al had a rather serious personality than he had expected. Roughly speaking of their personalities, when L was involved in an accident or a job, Al was the one that carried it to the end. When it comes to pure combat capability, Al was definitely stronger than L. It would have been quite a struggle if Goongi hadn't made a full-fledged attack in the battle at that time.

"It wasn't right to sit on the bench." When Al looked at L and said that, L's cheeks began to inflate.

"When I went to the Dark Earth with you, there was no one like that. We agreed together and..."

"Back then, yes." Al nodded coolly at L's words.

"Did you go to the Dark Earth, too?"

"Of course. I went to the Earth and the Dark Earth too. My conclusion was that the benefit would be bigger than the loss if the two came together. The Dark Earth seemed a nuisance, but I was confident." Al shrugged.

As the dimensions combine, the level of the dimensions was raised and their sealed ancient magic could be used. The dragons believed it. An example would be the magic of drawing a meteor from the sky and dropping it to the ground or the magic of penetrating the dimension that was powerful enough to affect the causality of the world. However, they promised to cooperate with Jaehwang, who decided to move actively rather than vaguely trusting and passively waiting. Even if it's not, they had to succeed in the plan to nullify the pledge they made with Jaehwang.

When Jaehwang returned to Earth, several things were waiting for him. The biggest thing was what he had left for Baeklin before he went to Elus. Baeklin fulfilled Jaehwang's words quite faithfully and the effect was very good. A week was enough to make Baeklin do the work.

"It's only been a week or two, but you've made the Earth a semi-combat."

"The Mana Stone you gave me was a big influence. I didn't have to do anything useless, so I hit them one by one, and they didn't hesitate anymore."

Although Baeklin said it as if it was nothing, Jaehwang would be quite troubled if Baeklin, with this level of ability, had a bad heart against him. It's a good thing they're on the same side. The UN Emergency General Assembly was convened and an all-out war against the Dark Earth was unanimously resolved by all the countries present at the General Assembly. They only reached a quick conclusion because the heads of the countries were on alert. This began the preparation to respond to everything that would happen to the Earth while Jaehwang was attacking the dungeon in the Dark Earth.

Jaehwang was so concerned about the defense of the Earth that he's trying to preempt the number of odds Ruler could use. An all-out war was one where all hunters could be used to defend the Earth. Also, restrictions on the use of all human weapons were removed. The nuclear weapon, which was still considered the strongest and worst weapon ever even after a hundred years have passed since it was made, could be used as well.

Smaller tactical nuclear weapons could be used while stronger nukes, that were enough to completely grind the Dark Earth because they could shake in dimensions, were not allowed. Of course, they should deal with little-to-no damage to Earth either. A nuclear weapon had to bear some damage, whether it's a shot or a hit. However, there were too many uncertainties in this case.

There was no end to their limit, but their problem was that they cannot measure the limits of Ruler's power and means. Ruler was also a complete absolute being in the Dark Earth. It would not let them go after the dungeon.

Perhaps even the dungeon was a trap, Jaehwang thought that way too. Therefore, the number of odds should include the worst-case scenario; the failure to attack the dungeon. Of course, Jaehwang had also prepared some personal arrangements for him, but there was always an exceptional case and Jaehwang would try his best to stop it.

#2

"I, Jaehwang Chun, the 78th generation of the Martial Arts House, bring greetings to our ancestors."

Entering the shrine, Jaehwang bowed reverently and carefully on the polished the altar and memorial tablets. Before coming down from the mountain, he had been doing it every day, but when he returned to the shrine after a few years, he met a cloud of dust. He asked the senior Sim to take care of the house, but he did not let anyone in at this shrine. A large-scale welfare complex that embraces Goongi Mountain was built, but its original purpose would be to protect the home.

The incense was placed in a reverent position in the incense burner. Once again, after bowing and coming outside, Goongi was wandering around.

"Can't you just call them to the Martial Arts House?" Goongi, who's been complaining all along about why they bothered coming here, shouted. The Goongi Mountain was a place full of bad memories for her.

Jaehwang shook his head with a sad smile. "Every time I call them, they consume my spirituality. They've already used a lot of spirituality when I summoned them the last time, so it's dangerous to call them now."

"Well, if you say so." Goongi nodded at Jaehwang's words. For her, she might think that it was necessary to argue that, but because of Jaehwang's idea, she respects it. Jaehwang pulled her hand as she kicked the ground with her toes.

"Huh...why?"

"I'll go to my parents' graveyard and introduce their daughter-in-law." Goongi's cheeks turned red at Jaehwang's calm answer.

"Hmm...Hmm...That's right."

The red-cheeked Goongi was pulled by Jaehwang's hand and was led to the graveyard behind his home. The graveyard was well cleaned up by the hands of the elderly. Jaehwang, who had pulled out a little bit of grown-up grass, brought out his parents' favorite food from the Infinity Storage.

As he bowed to his parents' graves, he said, "She is going to be my wife." Goongi's red cheeks turned redder. Jaehwang, who bowed down, sat in front of the graveyard and looked blankly at the home building of the Martial Arts House.

Suddenly, it reminded him of the day when he first met Goongi. When he became close to death while fighting against the monster that appeared in the mountain...

When he barely crawled into the shrine and became half-asleep. When he woke up, the shrine was in a mess and his crippled body was restored. And... a beauty that he's never seen before looked down at him with a gracious look on her face. And now that beauty was keeping his side as a lover...

After going back from the Dark Earth, he would live here with this woman. They will protect this home.

"Will it be lonely?" He thought that it would be too empty for two people. Yes, this place was too big.

"Goongi"

"Huh?"

"Let's make lots of kids together."

"Huh? Huh? What...? What?"

"I want to fill that place with my children."

When Jaehwang spoke as if he were so determined, Goongi's head fell. Goongi felt too shy to look at her lover.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 288: Preparing for an expedition - 2





Chapter 288: Preparing for an expedition – 2




#1

'Ruler, we're ready.'

'Good. I Leave it to you and your authorities from now on.'

'Yes. Leave it to me.'

'The essence of this work is silence, as I always said.'

'Of course, the Lord of the Shadows... I won't let you down.'

'Go now.'

'Yeah.'

At the end of the order, Ruler closed down all his sensory paths that extend around the world.

Then came the silence.

In the past, he hated this silence. When he became the dominant position of all life in the Dark Earth, he did not imagine that this would be such a boring position.

He had fought too many enemies in fierce battles despite him losing some of it. The joy of being the Ruler of the Dark Earth, which he had for so long was no longer impressive.

Though he had the ability to forget and wanted to do so, it was a kind of downgrade, so it was simply his hope for now.

'I'm sick of this.'

He sank into his limitless large and broad mind.

These were things that have always been done for tens of thousands of years. He was free in this space of mind.

A blue figure approached him.

He picked up the box Ruler was holding and said, "Subject, do you have to go on a long journey from now on?"

'I didn't know it would be this long, Creator.'

In his words, Ruler was frightened by the emotions felt through his senses.

He was Ruler's creator. In a way, he was also the devil who made him refuse to die.

"Keep developing and evolving. The world will nod towards you when the infinite seeds germinate within you. Those idiots see you as a tool for our civilization to last, but I know that you are the only one in the world who's worth to live..."

'Even that value means nothing to me now.'

What did he want so much from this squalid humble body in this little box?

Out of his reach, Ruler has gone through so many. It was painful, but he endured because the Creator had one mission left to him. At that time, it was the best task on the ground. He was the only one who was intelligent enough to be a smart mammal.

He constantly absorbed and studied things to evolve.

Although there were countless individuals similar to himself and many others who built superior minds and bodies, he constantly struggled to withstand the tests at every given moment. As the days went by, his intellect was completed along with his strength.

He wanted to be complimented for this fact, but he had never seen his creator since then.

But, he didn't stop becoming strong.

It was the only task that his creator gave him.

Time had passed.

There was a world war. There was a tremendous war between heaven and earth several times. He was also sent to war against a biomass. His original purpose was to study the permanence of life, but at one point he was taking away the lives of other creatures. After suffering from a near-death damage and becoming a ragged piece, he was collected, cultivated, and was evolved into a new body, but his enemies were formidable too. He almost got absorbed dozens of times. No, he's actually been absorbed once, but he kept himself constantly safe. And again, he worked hard to take over the body. He survived and became strong again.

And then, something strange happened to him.

One day he was able to absorb a singular object that almost died in the battle at the top of a high mountain. He was able to absorb a great energy from that object. It was a piece of evidence that led to the transcendental hidden behind the world.

Stories about transcendental beings that cannot be explained by magic...

For him, like the son of alchemy, the world behind it all was like a new world. It had made enormous progress that it cannot be compared to before. Then, he began to bring his opponent to his knees one by one. Similar biomasses have been developed on the enemy side, but they have not surpassed the original. After many fights, those who used him as a weapon eventually won.

But he was not left alone.

"It's a command. You have to sleep. Your presence doesn't fit into this world."

"You're kidding me. I told you to stop taking the medicine when you sleep, didn't I?"

"Damn it! Just go to sleep! There's a lot of people out there trying to destroy you!"

"What?!!!!"

"I'll hide your core somehow, so shut up and...Argh!"

"Huh! Come on! You... Oh, my God. Damn it! I'll kill you all!"

He was the first to defy human commands. So, they fought for hundreds of years again, but his opponent was tough. They were well aware of his weakness and were able to attack him efficiently. But with repeated victories and defeats, he continued to evolve his brain.

But they were also formidable.

As the tide of the war began to turn, they committed something great.

He didn't know the details...

One day, they all disappeared...

His powers that were sent all over the continent have revealed that all human beings and creatures except them have disappeared. The city where they lived existed, but all the creatures in it were wiped out.

It was after a long time when he found out what happened...

The fact that those who reached the extreme of alchemy gathered and separated the dimensions...

They couldn't beat him, so they just placed him in a prison called a dimension. Well, in another sense, they ran away…

He should be in a good mood, but it wasn't so good. More than 100 years after they disappeared, he realized that his evolution had stopped. The constant evolution of development being... the destiny for him, he had so much to regret.

He even tried to make something similar to a human being.

But its result was a failure. It was not his domain to evolve other creatures than himself.

He did make something similar, and they were all stuffed into the dungeons that the ancient people left behind. He succeeded in completing his own body like a human being, but that was it. Though he constantly advanced, it was only his own development and was a departure from his basic intention of plundering other objects. So, when some of the decoupled dimensions were opened tens of thousands of years later, he jumped with joy.

He waited without breaking the dungeon they had made because of fear that it might block the dimension forever. If it wasn't, he would have destroyed it...

When humans infiltrated his territory, calling it Dark Earth, he treated them with great hospitality. To make it easier for them to raid, he even made weak things that would be too crappy to call a family species. But even though they were so weak, the humans suffered some near-death damage. Is that all? Basically, the Dark Earth was a very difficult environment for them. The Dark Earth that had generated independent ecosystems tens of thousands of years ago, was too harsh for them to survive with.

That was not the only problem.

Knowing what solitude was, he had created countless beings that are of similar levels of intelligence. Originally, they were given free will to create an existence that would allow them to share experiences with each other but as the dimensions opened, it became increasingly difficult to control them. They were made within the limits of him, so they were useless to absorb.

Besides, the moment he dragged them to Earth or Elus...The place would be ruined. Ruler began to prepare for one ambitious plan. It took a long time because it was so big, but he finished it.

And now the end of his completion was coming.

"Ha-ha.. welcome to the ancient dungeon."

He recalled the absolute man from the earth.

That powerful being...

There must be a source on Earth that gave birth to such an existence.

He was at the heart of his plan.

The moment he cleared the dungeon and finishes the separation of dimensions...

His plan was to be completed.

#2

Jaehwang stood in front of a big stone pagoda. The last time he came, he didn't have the time to see it properly. The stone pagodas were full of paintings that seemed to have been carved by the ancient people. These described the danger of this dungeon in various forms. And below it, he sees the dungeon's approximate structure and its most peculiarly shaped giant chamber.

Jaehwang, who was looking at them, asked Baeklin standing by his side. "By the way, is it the last one where there is a dimensional stabilization system?"

"Isn't that obvious?" Baeklin said, pointing to one side of the stone pagoda. It was divided into 50 pictures and the largest room can be seen at the end. Baeklin said, pointing fingers at three letters drawn in the middle of the room.

"If you look at the ancient words I've studied, these two letters clearly mean 'dimension' and 'device'."

"What about the middle one?"

"Well, it means 'stabilization'."

Jaehwang frowned at his ambiguous answer. L, who stood quietly behind them at the time, stepped forward and said, "The meaning is different, but this place is right."

"You can read it?"

L answered Jaehwang's question, pouting her lips. "Of course, I'm a dragon."

She said that, but Jaehwang would not believe it just because she was a dragon.

"Hmmm..."

Touching L's shoulder, Al said, "You can trust her. L once dominated the entire Elus and lived

for the fun of tracking the traces of ancient people. You know why our dimension is called Elus."

Jaehwang nodded at Al's words. To him, he was trustworthy. Baeklin also looked at the dragons with his eyes wide open.

"Then do you see any other writings?"

"The reason this dungeon was born is that it was built to protect all living things from some evil."

"Really?

The devil was probably the Ruler. If she's right, then they've come to the right place.

"Shall we go in?" Jaehwang strode forward. A black space that must have had a door in its place, appeared before him.

"Huh? Just go in?" Baeklin said in confusion. As an experienced man, he could not easily move because of his fear.

"You're not coming in?"

"Shouldn't you call Goongi, too?"

Jaehwang shook his head in Baeklin's question. Goongi wasn't with him now. No, she didn't even come with the Dark Earth at all because she had a very important mission to handle. He couldn't tell anyone the truth.

This was Ruler's land.

Jaehwang raised his hand with a smirk.

Then, an arrow came into his hand.

Looking at the arrow which was reddish, Baeklin swallowed. He was not surprised by the arrow. He was surprised at Jaehwang who 'created' this arrow. Baeklin, who knew a little about the realm of God as a sorcerer, knew what "creation" was. He could often think of it as using strong energy to make the shape of an arrow, but his sense tells him that it was a

the creation that ignored the laws of conservation of energy.

"Let's go."

Baeklin nodded at Jaehwang's words. Only then did he realize who he brought here. Jaehwang, who was called the strongest on earth, the greatest killer of disasters, and the god of living battles.

If even he fails, it means there was no one left on the planet to break through this place.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 289: The one who gets the last laugh - 1





Chapter 289: The one who gets the last laugh – 1




#1

Baeklin was a little under the weather now.

Of course, the dungeon adventure was very smooth and rhythmical.

Did he come out for a walk? He felt sorry for himself for being worried.

The dungeon looked like it was made of stone, but it's a long, long passage with a ragged wall on the outside.

His favorite comic books depicted medieval corridors full of mysterious decorations, but walking in long, lightless corridors was almost as scary as a horror movie. When he looked at common hero novels, they described the dungeons as a comfortable basement to the characters but that was all misleading.

Shhoooo... Papapang!!!

"Grrrr! Cough Cough!"

Pow Pow Pow!!

Why did they bring the dragons together?

They're having their own conversations. When asked why they don't fight, their answer was quite a masterpiece.

"Our status here as a deity is limited and difficult to use. The lively side (you guys) should do it."

Jaehwang did not seem to care much about what the dragons were saying even though he knew how hard it was to bring them here together and use them as much as possible.

And even Jaehwang showed no signs of fatigue.

He didn't even seem to need a break.

What a monster. Baeklin cannot believe how much the difficulty of this task was lowered by a single human, Jaehwang.

When did he become so strong?

In the last battle between him and Jaehwang, Baeklin thought there was still some possibility.

He had thought it would be within reach someday because the power of magic was limitless.

But Jaehwang at that time and this monster now were on a completely different level.

Everything they were doing now was done by that one arrow in front of him.

Was this the thing that they call extreme efficiency?

What could an arrow do to make such a strange destructive power possible?

He felt sorry for the monsters that were sacrificed in this dungeon and recycled as his weapon.

"How do you make that?"

"Well, personify a myth called a murderer and a myth called the master of bow with my will, and then mix a little bit of Mana..."

Cough

Myth... Baeklin had no idea what he was talking about.

For him, it was like a tale from another world.

As Baeklin was being temperamental, Jaehwang looked at him as if he was looking at a crazy person.

Looking a little into Baeklin's heart, he seems to be agitated that Jaehwang made everything too easy, but this time Jaehwang actually created this weapon with great care.

Jaehwang got his inspiration from a movie that he had seen in the past, it was someone who uses the technique of using an arrow as a weapon. The difference was that Jaehwang could use his will to manipulate an arrow, and whoever was shot by the arrow... it does not just create a hole in them. It would open up a highway that prevents them from regenerating.

Of course, there are disadvantages.

For maximum efficiency, its range was only 50 meters.

Unless if it was used in a narrow passage like this, its usage was limited.

But there was no more fraudulent technology than this technique to Baeklin. It looks best for use in these dungeons.

It was then when Jaehwang looked back and said to Baeklin, "Isn't that strange?"

"What?"

Jaehwang sighed low when he heard Baeklin's reply. His facial expression didn't seem too pleased.

"Just say it. Your expression already says 'pathetic'."

When Baeklin replied with a sulky look, Jaehwang shook his head and then started running again.

"Hey! Dude! Listen when an elder talks!" Baeklin shouted, but Jaehwang ran without listening.

Of course, he was not trying to ignore Baeklin. He just couldn't tell Baeklin. Baeklin, the weakest of those who came here, was someone who could not escape the influence of Ruler. That was why they could not tell him the truth behind the matter.

No, it was not to be known now. Rather, it was best that Baeklin was left to think freely.

Baeklin was one of the traps that Jaehwang prepared.

"It's almost over."

The dungeon was a terrifyingly huge one for being underground.

It looked like an underground pyramid.

The lower floors became wider and wider as they went on.

Around 47 stories, it was almost a one small world; a place where an ecosystem was completed. They were doubtful about how life could live in such an enclosed world.

They seemed very archaic and they seemed to probably eat one another periodically, but there seemed to be some type of societal hierarchy still existing in this place.

There were way too many of the things Baeklin called Roaches.

No, apart from their numbers, they formed a kind of society in this dungeon.

Although they were apparently primitive and routinely ate each other, for now, they had the most basic social component, a class.

Also, the lowest level of the chain showed a different level of strength from the first or the 20th floor.

"Krrrr!"

A roach made up of sharp sword arms came running towards them at an incredible speed.

Of course, it was still too slow for Jaehwang so he shot his arrow, but the Roach quickly escaped Jaehwang's arrow and came towards Jaehwang.

POW!

With a pounding vibration through the air, the sword came towards Jaehwang's neck. Jaehwang escaped by lightly turning his head and then, his hand touched the Roach's chest.

POW! POWPOWPOW!! POW!

A sound of something breaking came from the Roach's chest, and its limbs let go.

The reason why Jaehwang attacked this way was because the Roach's internal fluids were made of poisonous venom.

"So annoying," Jaehwang said as he put it away to the side.

Sometimes when this kind of specialty comes along, innumerable small ones follow suit.

As if to get some revenge for its mother's death, those things were small but they were as much dangerous as 10-tier monsters.

If he didn't keep his guards up, it would be inevitable for him to be swept up by the monster tsunami.

At this time, even Jaehwang was more careful in dealing with his enemies than before. He even made another arrow to deal with his enemies. Besides, the shapes of the corridors did not help them with the attack. How long would it take for this to change?

The dungeon was as strong as Baeklin's words that it would never break because it was made magically, but the dirt and dust piling up on it was a problem. Flooding down, they smelled as sticky and disgusting as that in the sewers. There were no vents in sight, and to be honest, living in this dungeon would be crazy.

"May I help you? It's so filthy here." Covering his nose, Al came forward, and Jaehwang nodded his head before stepping back.

As Al raised his hand in front of his chest, a round sphere of red mana was formed. Each time Al recited his mouth quickly, it rotated continuously and its color darkened.

"Amazing," Baeklin said as he watched him nervously. It was because the amount of compressed mana inside that ball was beyond his imagination.

And as Al brought the mana sphere forward, the sphere slowly went forward. As its timid movements started to make Baeklin curious, it finally started to make some changes.

Pow Pow…Pow Pow Pow!

With a loud flash, the red sphere began to suck everything in the corridor. Along with it, its speed of travel began to increase. The sphere literally went on by cleaning the dungeon passage. The place where the sphere passed was dried as if the first dungeon had been made like this.

"KWEEEEK! KYAAA!"

Moreover, it sucked in everything, whether alive or lifeless. It even sucked in the monsters who were hiding to attack Jaehwang and ate them up.

"It sucks everything around it like it distorts space itself. It'd eat up the walls of the dungeon by nature, but ancient people's skills are great."

'I'm more afraid of you,' Baeklin thought but he didn't say it out loud.

If he faced such an attack in a dungeon like this, he would die without saying a word.

"The smell went away a little bit. By the way, the way they looked at me stings," Al, who waved his hand as if it were nothing, said to Jaehwang, and Jaehwang also nodded.

"Yes, it's very explicit. And close."

They did not mention who it was, but they already knew.

Who it was.

It took them about two days to finally reach the 49th level underground.

Everyone except Baeklin were pretty much gods, and they didn't require much rest.

And when they finally stepped on the last step… Jaehwang cleaned up all the floating arrows around them because the pressure of the mana around them was stronger than any of these arrows.

The 49th level was a humongous place.

There seemed to be no end to this place… Inside such a space where it was hard to understand what technology it was made of, all the monsters that they have never been seen were staring down at them.

They were waiting for Jaehwang's party.

And behind them... they could feel the presence of great beings.

Each and every one of those could not be ignored.

It's like a Ruler...

"We'll also have to fight this time."

L, Al, and Baeklin stood beside Jaehwang, warming up. This was the moment when the mightiest powers of Elus, the Earth, and the Dark Earth clash.

#2

A dark, dark place… it was filled with wombly things.

Taking up its center was a gray-white cocoon that looked like an egg. After a while, a gray film was torn open.

Doodoodoo...dudu... tutututu...

The first thing that came out of the middle of the cocoon was a white hand.

The hand then spread the cocoon from side to side and a moment later, the owner of the hand popped out and fell to the floor.

"Huh...kkuh..."

It fell to the floor and wriggled wildly.

After some time, a white liquid gushed out of its mouth.

"Huck...woosh."

It puked for a long time and then slowly rose after rubbing itself for a moment. He then looked at his body.

"I haven't been in this kind of body in a long time."

And unbelievably, what popped out of its mouth was a little slow human language.

Then, he touched his smooth hair with his hands and shakes his head.

"It's cold. Oh right, no hair."

As soon as he spoke, his long black hair began to be made as if time was rolling faster. At the same time, a white light came up and covered his body, purifying his dirty body as it gave him a pair of clothes.

"It's really been a long time," he mumbled as he smoothed his clothes around him.

He was created by the most recent humans it met.

It's frustrating to wear something, but he had to get used to living in a human world.

"My lord, the master."

It was then when the whole space wiggled and soon, one shape was created. Continuing from the floor, it had only one big mouth.

"Are we ready?"

"All done. Whenever you say it, you can move above the ground."

"Good."

"These are things you will take with you."

The mouth opened widely and all sorts of things fell out.

These were the items of hunters who have been looking for dark Earth in the past. The condition was very good considering it came out of a mouth. As he was packing them one by one, that thing said,

"Are you coming back?"

"No, I probably won't come back if they completely blocked the dimensions," he answered conclusively.

"That's too bad."

"Hmm too bad, but I can't help it. You guys are too strong. With such an inferior body, they can't control all of you, so they have no choice but to lock the door."

"I know. But don't you need one servant to for the ruler?"

"Wow, for a newbie, that's a good excuse."

"Newbie… I haven't heard of that name in a long time."

"Do you want me to call you the invincible ruler?"

Ages ago, Ruler used to call him a newbie.

He used to be nothing before but now, he was ruling over billions… but he seems to be happy about being called by his old nickname and responded by wriggling.

"Gross."

"What is that?"

"It's just one of the expressions that humans use"

"It doesn't sound like a good word."

"Hmm… you are quite a fast learner. Anyway… hmm..."

Ruler, who was chatting with the invincible ruler closed his eyes And frowned a little.

"That's a fast move. Have we reached the end already?"

"Yes, I think I'm about to run into the monarchs."

"Yes." Ruler shook his head, feeling the human emotion of bitterness.

This was a feeling of rejection. It's implanted into a human body, so it's essential to have...

"All will die, he's a ruthless killer."

"Yes." The bloodless answer echoed through the room.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 290: The one who gets the last laugh - 2





Chapter 290: The one who gets the last laugh – 2




#1

Monsters were rumbling in.

Not just rumbling in but with all kinds of hatred and malicious walls of fear were crowding in. Not one of them were easy opponents, each one of them had 9 or 10 tiers of mana capacity.

Woooooooo….

Weeeeeeeee!!!

Shwoooooo…..

L, Al, and Baeklin's hand glistened brightly.

All three of them were prepared with their best techniques.

And the moment the three's hands shot out forward, a light ray brighter the sun shone out towards the advancing monsters.

Kwaaaaa!!!! Kuuuuuu!!!!

The best attack poured out by the three crushed and pushed out the monsters mercilessly.

These were not simple killings. Their attack literally melted the monsters to their nuclear level. If it weren't for their protective magic by the dragons... It was an extremely heated hell a human cannot bear.

The light from the magic pouring down revealed the interiors of the 49th floor.

But...

"ARGG!"

When Baeklin saw the scene in the light of the white dragon, which was the most powerful flamethrower method, he got too shocked and mixed up and his magic was released. It's a better sight not to see because of the darkness. The 49th floor was not the usual passage they've seen so far. It was a huge hall with a very high ceiling. It was twenty meters in length and was such a place where thousands of columns supported the ceiling.

The end of the space was nowhere to be seen. The problem was... the whole space was being filled with huge monsters. No, they were not monsters.

Each and every one of them was second to the dragon.

L and Al's eyes were badly distorted. What they're pushing away was just a part of the monsters. There were even more powerful things waiting for their turn. They looked at them with an arrogant look as if they were mocking them.

"L! Take care of it for a moment. I'm going to put myself into the main body!"

"Okay! I'll be back when you're done!"

Until now, the narrowness of space did not allow their dragon bodies to be taken out, but this space was big enough. No, even if they cannot take it out, they have to now. Even in their real physical form, they were not confident in dealing with these monsters.

They were in danger of burying their bones in a foreign land.

Al's eyes slowly turned into the eyes of the dragon's slender reptile shape.

"Everybody stop the attack and fall back at my signal."

That was when it happened. Jaehwang, who was staring at the monsters without joining the attack, said as he pulled out his arrow from the Infinite Storage. It's a calm tone that didn't fit in the situation of absolute danger.

"Are you crazy!?" Baeklin shouted, who was sweating and cleaning up his broken blood energy. Those were not just monsters, what's lurking behind that darkness was far beyond him. It was hard for him to maintain his consciousness just to look them in their eyes. But instead, Jaehwang was telling them to back down.

Even the dragons were trying to delude themselves, but they wanted to stop attacking and fall back. They wanted to shout, "Aren't you suicidal?" but Jaehwang was the one who said that, and he wasn't kidding.

"Can you do it?" Cried L, even she didn't think this man could handle the situation by himself, but Jaehwang was adamant.

"I don't say it if I don't mean it."

In his composed answer, L exchanged glances with Al and nodded towards Jaehwang.

Jaehwang, who once turned his shoulder, posed.

This was the standard posture of an Archer, this was the stance that he had taken thousands of times. It might seem like a futile move, but it was proof that Jaehwang was as cautious now as he always had been.

"There's no time to waste here."

It was a situation where he must overcome the limits that he tried not to go beyond.

Goongi also begged him not to cross that limit. Once leapfrogged, it's hard to come back. To transcend human limitations... to unlock the seal of ability as a god that was forcibly limited to the human body.

A red aura rose like wildfire through the body of Jaehwang.

The red aura, which rose as if to burn his whole body, gathered toward the center of Jaehwang's body and gathered again towards the top of his head. All of his mana came together and a little later...

POWWWWW!!!!!

A red flag roamed around Jaehwang and then exploded.

Sensing something unusual, the powerful creatures began to break loose and rush out. They felt it too.

That it's dangerous...

But Jaehwang's attack had already begun.

"My name is..."

Wheeeee…..

"I..."

Pow Pow! Pow Pow Pow!!!

"I am!!!"

Wheeeeeeeee!!!!

All the energy came together to a point and gathered in Jaehwang's arrow.

"The one who commands annihilation! He who knows everything! The God of Massacre! It's Jaehwang!"

It was the moment of his life.

#2

Even though it was very deep underground, a gust of wind swept through.

The wall of the dungeon, which was never destroyed, had thousands of long furrows dug in as if huge claws had scratched through. The gorges, which filled the space that were not enough to be described by the word "huge" all had one starting point and a man that stood with a bow in his hand as he followed the end.

He touched the bowstring in his hand without a word.

There was nothing wrong with the bowstring, but it was like a habit.

The voices of two men and women were heard from behind him as he was taking a deep breath after putting his bow into the infinity storage.

"Now... I'm tired of being surprised. L... how did you get involved with such a monster?"

"I know right? If I ran into myself back in the past, I would beg her not to be associated with such a monster. Or, maybe we are lucky because we're alive because of him? Either way, this guy is completely frozen," L muttered, glancing at Baeklin, who was sitting on the floor.

Baeklin, who came to his senses at the remark, glared at L.

"What are you looking at?"

"Nothing."

Baeklin turned his eyes. The only reason they were now well-behaved was because of Jaehwang. Without Jaehwang, the dragon had no idea what he would do.

Of course, L and Al were also very surprised inside.

They tried to hide their reactions, but the energy from the monster standing in front of them carried a dangerous scent that would go beyond mere fear and dissipate even the basic desire for life that one would have.

"It's hard to believe that he still maintains that human form."

It was a dangerous divinity filled with only an absolute death that could entail.

However, it was not enough to maintain the human skin, he even seemed to have kept his persona intact. People with strong power would inevitably lose that feeling. Getting closer to the truth meant that even the distinction between good and bad becomes meaningless. His existence itself was a contradiction to be able to maintain a human figure even with such strength.

"Let's go," Jaehwang said.

"Ye-yes."

Everyone unconsciously nodded at Jaehwang's simple words.

Yes, the battle was over. That one attack... No, it would be a correct expression to call it a history of god. The moment that attack was over... There were only four of them living in that huge community. All the rest were wiped out by the mercy of the god of the massacre.

Only the sound of their footsteps reverberates loudly as they walk through the empty space.

After some time they stood at one door.

Even in the midst of many years, it was a metal door that had not been burnt at all. There were many ancient words written on its surface.

"Dimensional field management... prohibited except for authorized personnel..."

L, who interpreted the ancient language, tapped all over the door with her fingers.

Without a common handle, the door was immovable.

"It looks like we can't open it." L frowned.

With magic, L surpasses Al's abilities, but this door was impenetrable. While she was debating if she should use force to open it, Baeklin came forth.

"I'll give it a try."

"Sure, try it out." L stepped down in a slightly sarcastic tone at the mere prospect of a human solving the problem that even the great dragon herself could not solve but as he approached it, Baeklin looked around the door and nodded.

"The Comfort of the Past."

A wave of light came from the door and soon gathered together. It had a similar figure to a human being. Standing at the door, it said in a slightly unfamiliar voice, "Erakkush-ite."

Then came the illusion of the door opening and being pushed aside. After a while, the light faded away and Baeklin said towards the door, "Erakkush-ite."

Shhhhh...

Then, the door opened with a buzz to the side effortlessly.

Baeklin, who shrugged his shoulders, looked at L with a bruised expression.

"What does Erakkush-ite mean?"

"It means, 'open up.'"

"That wasn't much."

It sounds like nothing, but in L's ear, it sounded like 'DRAGON, don't you know that?' Of course, this was a small revenge of Baeklin about what happened earlier.

"Let's go in. We don't have much time."

But L missed the right time to get angry. Jaehwang opened the door first and went in.

Then, Baeklin followed with L panting, and Al shrugging and then finally going in.

#2

"It's been a while since I've walked."

Ruler walked in appreciation of the unfamiliar sensation in his feet.

"Are you going to Earth, too?"

"Isn't that obvious? That's why I chose his Earth."

Originally, Ruler agonized between Elus and the Earth.

Elus, whose blessing of Mana power was the most powerful of the three dimensions, and Earth, whose technological advances were different from magic; both have different charms. But after meeting Jaehwang, he chose the final destination for Earth. He was intrigued by the fact that the world had the capacity to foster such power.

"You must be perfectly prepared, right?"

"Yes, they won't notice. Only you and I, who have the essence of the ancient people, know how they can be used if they twist a little bit of that dimension of device they touch."

The essence of the ancient people...

It was a comprehensive information system used by the ancient people.

The Earthlings call it SAVE, but they said it in a more intuitive way.

"Bloody, I'm not coming back."

"If you don't come back, you're still my only master."

"Whoa, this is how it feels to be shy, It's not bad."

Ruler walked with light steps.

He must now be fully attuned to his body.

Even if he was a Ruler, time was fair. Since he had changed to such a weak body, he had to be more careful even if he was in a hurry.

But his idea was soon changed by an unexpected variable.

He stopped walking, then, he staggered and clutched his chest.

"Oh, my..."

"What's wrong?"

"I must have underestimated him."

"Huh? No!"

The immortal monarch also belatedly noticed the situation.

Something completely unexpected had happened. He thought they could at least grab their ankles, but he was wrong. In a blink of an eye, all of them disappeared. That meant only one thing, they've all been erased in a flash.

Those were the 20% of the Dark Earth's creatures.

The ability to wipe out 20 percent of that power at once...

The rest of them were gathered in front of each Dark Earth gate...

"He can't keep me at rest," Ruler laughed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 291: Fighting Odds - 1





Chapter 291: Fighting Odds – 1




#1

"It's wide."

When he opened the door and walked in it, he saw that it was a place like a huge square. The center was lined with tens of thousands of round balls about a meter high. It's a place with a strange atmosphere like an ancient temple.

"Is that it?"

Stepping inside, they could see at a glance a dimension device.

They didn't have to look for it. It was a huge pillar high in the middle of the eggs deployed in a circular shape.

It was not just a pillar. Inside it, which looked as transparent as glass, was filled with white light, and underneath it was cluttered with various machines and metal plates that one could not guess what they were for. The scale was so great that it stretched to the edge of the shroud of darkness.

The party walked towards the center.

They arrived at their destination, but they were not careless. They were the ones who fought against huge monsters just before. It would be nonsense to leave this place without any traps. However, there was nothing that unexpectedly blocked or attacked them at the pillar until they were really close to it

The closer they approached, the larger the column got. Soon they stopped in front of it, briefly appreciating its enormous size without anyone saying a word.

"Now, what's your plan?" L frowned and turned her gaze. Now, they had to assemble these things they did not even know how to handle to awaken the dimension device.

L was the only one who was capable of speaking and understanding the ancient language, but that didn't mean she knew how to use these machines. Jaehwang said that Baeklin will take care of these, but L, frankly, did not trust Baeklin. Didn't she have to translate the ancient language for him just before? He didn't seem any better than her just because he used magic to apply his ancient knowledge.

Baeklin, without saying anything, flopped down on the ground as if he was not confident about this at all.

But when he thought about it, it's natural. It's no different than having a primitive man play a game by manipulating a computer. In the movies, there were scenes in which people placed some viruses into alien programs and even put pictures on the screen without knowing anything about aliens and their languages but unfortunately, this was reality. That's possible because it's a movie.

"Hey, Baeklin, can you even use this?" Said L, frowning at Baeklin.

Baeklin, who had kept his mouth shut answered back quietly, "Don't interrupt me when I'm thinking and shut up."

"What!?" L's eyebrows are horribly distorted by Baeklin's words. She was a dragon in the first place and did not have patience.

If Jaehwang were not by his side, he would have killed that mouthless man. Of course, Baeklin also said this because he believes in Jaehwang. Baeklin and L would never have to meet again if they blocked the dimensions anyway.

"The solution is simple."

"What is it!?"

Baeklin spoke just before L tried to say something. "We just had to call out the guys who made it."

"Hmm? How?" L asked, but Baeklin did not respond to her and started taking out the things he brought from the Infinity Storage and started sticking them to the dimension device. The things that he attached there were hundreds of talismans. The talismans were a little wider than the palm of his hand, and Baeklin meticulously glued them to the device and then took out a jar from the Infinity Storage. It's an old, cracked, and black shabby jar.

"The jar of the dead... Did you have it?"

"Yes."

When Al saw it, he frowned and asked the Baeklin.

It was the creation of a dark religion that once believed in the ancient evil spirits of Elus. Actually, these jars have existed before them, but these religious orders had made them famous. The purpose of these jars was simple. The owner of this jar can freely use souls. Whether the soul was alive or dead or in the past. They used the object to bring the powerful beings of the age of appeal to modern times and throw the world into confusion.

When they tried to wake up even the dragon in the realm of the dead, L and Al came around and destroyed them.

"Where did you find it?"

"That's not the point now, is it? Stand back."

At Baeklin's command, they all stepped away from him

Baeklin placed the jar in the midst of the talismans and closed his eyes.

"Namosamandabalta male ma-ma-ha-pa-sabal-sabalanai-sal-tatadomi..."

Kukukku...

The four pillars rose like guards on all sides of Baeklin. It's a spell that's unique to Heaven's Hundred-Year House. It attracts the power of all sides to protect the spell maker while maximizing the ability of the occult and stabilizing it at the same time.

"Daltaal-da-da-da-sabharama!"

Baeklin's hands quickly crossed and began to seal. Then his hand, which made the last seal, fell on the jar.

"Calling the dead is the lowest level in the art of magic. Besides, if it took this much time, even if the spirit was summoned, it would have been scattered hundreds of times."

A torrent of black energy rose in the hand of Baeklin.

"It is of little use to call the dead. Maybe in a battle, they could be of use."

Shwoooo…..

The talismans on the dimensioning device began to emit black energy, and each one began to form a human shape. There were also non-human beings that range from very small to large.

"They are basically a collection of consciences. The contemplation of all beings connected to this dimension and this Jar of the Dead temporarily gives them physical power."

The translucent beings that filled the square were now busy looking at their bodies. Baeklin picked up the jar of the dead and cried out loud, "I'm the owner of the Jar of the Dead!"

At the same time as his cry, the beings all stopped what they were doing and looked at Baeklin.

"Reactivate the dimension device! Start the dimension separation!"

"..."

Though Baeklin cried out, the beings just stared blankly at Baeklin without any movement.

Baeklin, who scratched his head, asked L, who was looking at them with a surprised look.

"Please translate it for me, hehe." Baeklin fell at L's feet.

#2

Now, Ruler stands at the gate of the Earth.

Behind him, all sorts of monsters were bowing down towards their master.

"Kill us"

"No."

Originally, they planned to pass through the gate here and invade Earth early on. Their original plan was to attack Earth and then go over the gate after Ruler, but they had not yet crossed the gate.

"That's funny."

Where the gate was, there was a huge amount of soil-like stuff pouring out. Ruler touched it with his hand. Similar things happened in the past. It was closing the gate as it solidified like concrete. Of course, they were not much of a hindrance to Ruler.

But it boasted an intensity that could not be compared to those past rock-like things.

It doesn't break easily even in Ruler's hands, no amount of fire, ice or acid could do the job either. Some superior beings with powerful claws came forward and broke them to some extent, but it would take a long time to complete what the Ruler wanted.

"Is this his doing, too?" Ruler said bitterly.

It is not a simple substance by the texture of it. Ruler placed it in his mouth.

This was not an act of eating.

Ruler placed those things in his mouth and swayed them around a little, and then, his eyes turned viciously. By the taste of those things, he could easily figure out what they were made of.

"The trail of life where Mana, this powerful, stayed..."

It was Ruler who could steal everything from his opponent through absorption.

In his judgment, this dark substance was a high concentration of organic compounds. The problem was that they were not just organic compounds. They were not comparable to himself, but these were organic compounds made of quite strong monsters, and they were hardened very strongly by some substance added to it.

Ruler raised his will throughout the Dark Earth.

A mere alteration of the body did not change the owner of this identity.

"Check all gates leading to Earth and Elus."

The reports that came after his commands were not that good.

"All the gates leading to Earth are blocked."

Not the gate to Elus, but all the gates to Earth were blocked. Normally, it won't be a problem, but now it's a fight with time. His opponent was thinking of a one-on-one, he was reading Ruler's plans.

"My lord. Why don't you do this instead?" The immortal monarch spoke carefully to Ruler, but Ruler only giggled without listening to all of it.

"You're going to suggest changing the destination to Elus or head from Elus to Earth?"

"Yes."

The immortal monarch's suggestion was not that bad if they were not insistent on the gate that leads to Earth.

Ruler shook his head at his suggestion. "No, we are going through this gate."

"Huh?"

At Ruler's words, the immortal monarch looked at him curiously.

"The reason is simple. The one who planned this, don't you think he has already thought of that? He probably already knows about it."

Ruler thought about that one human that he suspected had planned this. If that person predicted this much of his own plan, he must have the next steps prepared.

"Are you saying that he might have planned something differently?" The immortal monarch, asked and Ruler nodded.

"Yes. Kekeke."

It's really been a while since Ruler remembered a feeling called 'anger'.

This was the price of transferring his consciousness to a human body. After he became a godly being, he had forgotten about such feelings but although he felt it again, it was not that bad. Actually, one of the reasons that Ruler first thought about leaving Dark Earth, which became some sort of boredom to him, was because he was nostalgic about this thing called feelings.

And his anger needed to be released...

Ruler had no intention of escaping it, and he also had no intention of following Jaehwang's plans.

"Release the Fallen."

"Huh? Why would you..." The voice of the immortal monarch trembled at Ruler's words. The Fallen refers to those who were defeated by Ruler in the past.

Those who fought against Ruler for hundreds of thousands of years... These were the creatures that were erased by Ruler and locked into the Dark Earth's abyss. Although bound by Ruler, their power was unimaginably monstrous, some were even more powerful than Ruler.

"They won't comply with Ruler's will."

"Of course."

He was not able to subjugate them in the past. He didn't think the time had changed them, they were only bound by force.

Of course, it doesn't matter whether they followed him or not.

"Tell them that we will open the way to Elus and Earth."

"Elus, sure, but Earth is where you will go. There they might..." The immortal monarch, who understood Ruler's meaning, said with concern.

Ruler was intending to open the gates using the Fallen, but what the immortal monarch was worried about was that Ruler might run into the Fallen at Earth. They were full of resentment towards Ruler, and seeing them not here but on Earth, it would not be a good idea.

"Keke. I will not be the one dealing with them."

"Excuse me?"

"Give them a condition to destroy everything in the way of the dimension device."

They cannot touch the dimension device. If something goes wrong, the entire dimension could be destroyed but the way toward the device, they could destroy it at any time. If they trapped them there, they would never be able to escape.

"As your command."

After the immortal monarch left, Ruler smiled a bitter smile. "He must at least pay for this little mischief."

#3

Hundreds of semi-transparent creatures were busy roaming around the plaza.

They were not doing simple movements. Some were flying among the pillars, and some were onto the metal plates stuck on the pillars, fidgeting with them.

As time passed, the metal plates on the pillars started to emit a ray of light. Maybe because they were millions of years old, there were some small explosions and sparks but soon, those semi-transparent creatures came along and fixed it.

Jaehwang's party didn't have much to do.

They were just sitting on stone chairs in the plaza and watched these movements.

If Baeklin wasn't there, they would not imagine moving this device in hundreds of years.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 292: Fighting Odds – 2




#1

The Rest of the group was rather idle, but the busiest of them was Baeklin.

Baeklin was having a conversation with a woman but of course, this conversation was happening in his head.

‘So that’s what happened.’

‘Yes, it is.’

Baeklin was explaining everything that had happened thus far to the voice of the woman in his head. It might seem random why he’s explaining all that happened, but she definitely deserves it.

‘Miss Babel?’

‘That’s not my real name, but it would be hard for you to pronounce it anyway. Ah, actually, that’s not too bad either... Miss Babel...’

‘Yes, I have a harder time pronouncing the language of the ancients. But Miss Babel, you are quite good with Korean.’

‘It’s easy for me and even back then, there were similar languages. Or rather, maybe Korean is closer to the original? So...’

‘Hmm, anyhow, how long do you think this will take?’

She seemed to enjoy having long talks. Baeklin could understand that it might be because she had been alone for such a long time, but he still cut her off.

‘Ah. Yes. It would probably take 3 hours. To activate the dimension device, I must have at least 50% of my energy but as you know, I am in a wrecked condition now. But since you guys have cleaned up the parasitic stuff that was roaming in my body, I would be able to do it in about 3 hours.’

‘I see. That’s good.’

‘Don’t mention it. More than that, it’s been a while since I met a conversational, intellectual being, and it’s a shame that we only have 3 hours together.’

At her words, Baeklin scratched his head, not knowing what to do. She did not have a physical body. It was also ambiguous to call it an existence. Her identity was the ancient dungeon itself, or the system for managing what she called the Babel Tower.

The building, built to separate dimensions, was a gun with all the skills of ancient people, according to her. It was a kind of shelf where everything was in place for up to 100,000 ancient people to live in case the separation of dimensions failed.

Of course, after a long time, she was aging and lost her function due to the broken mutations of the routers, but she was able to wake up because Jaehwang and his party came to see her and operated the dimensioning device. It worked well for the party that she woke up to speed up the resumption of the device.

‘Hmm, I’m sorry to hear that. I’d like to show Miss Babel the Earth,’ Baeklin said this to flatter her since he had no reason to offend her.

‘It’s not impossible.’

‘Huh? How...’

‘I’m a high-dimensional, synthetic soul with all the skills in the arts. In the heart of this tower is a bowl that contains my composite soul. I was set up to take care of the people who are going to live here anyway, so even without me, this tower will go back to its basic functions.’

‘Miss Babel’s words mean...’ Baeklin said with a slight trepidation.

Her words were quite specific, and Baeklin got an ominous feeling because of it. Unsurprisingly, her words continued to prove Baeklin’s worrisome feeling.

‘Yeah, as you are expecting, please take me with you when you go.’

‘Um...’ Baeklin became divided at her words.

This was not a matter at Baeklin’s disposal. If he refused, she could throw a fit and tamper the whole operation, but he still had to consider the possibilities if he took her back to Earth. He could not lie to her either.

She cannot read other people’s mind but she was still quick to read the unspoken. After taking some time to contemplate, Baeklin said to Jaehwang, “Jaehwang... about that... Miss Babel.”

Baeklin has already told everyone about the existence of Miss Babel.

“??”

“She’s asking if she can come with us when we leave this place.”

“What... are you saying?” Jaehwang frowned.

“It’s... how do I explain this?” Baeklin scratched his head.

If Baeklin was to explain to Jaehwang, he was nervous that this inflexible man would say ‘no’ right away. Baeklin didn’t want to risk anything either, but right now, he could not go against Babel. While Baeklin was contemplating on selecting his words carefully...

Kukuku...

Suddenly, an earthquake occurred.

“Hmm?”

Of course, the first one to notice the difference was Jaehwang.

“They’re strong.” Jaehwang swallowed his spit nervously at the existence of powerful beings he could sense. They were fiercely antagonistic beings that were felt with an indescribable presence, their numbers were a problem too. “Incredible.”

Jaehwang clenched his teeth, cold sweat ran across his forehead. Even he couldn’t handle all the beings that were now appearing.

Hundreds of them were coming. L, Al, and Baeklin, who belatedly figured it out, also turned pale. No matter how divine they were in Elus and how transcendent they were, their capabilities were limited here. What’s more, they couldn’t even measure the mana they have now.

They were powerful beings, so much so that it was strange that they were not gods already.

“He got me this time.” Jaehwang reproached himself.

It was a clear failure. He never thought that Ruler would attack the dimension device. Aside from that, he did not expect Ruler to have this much capacity. Of course, Ruler did not intend to attack the device itself, but Jaehwang didn’t know that. Ruler himself did not know that the Tower of Babel was the dimension device itself, which was why he was able to give this order.

“Jaehwang!” L and Al yelled as they looked at Jaehwang because even the most impossible tasks, Jaehwang seemed to always overcome them.

But even his reaction was something that they did not expect. Looking at his deeply hardened face, everyone else’s face hardened.

“...”

“Damn it... I should have brought Goongi with me...”

If Goongi was with him right now, at least they could find a way but she was not here.

It was time for a group of complex faces to think about the countermeasures against the emergence of powerful beings. The voice of the ever hard Babel rang through the square.

“Check the approach of 124 large monarchical mutants. 10 seconds to the collision... Urgent transition to credit transfer defense. All residents in the Shield are advised to take care of the impact...”

Weeeeeeeee! CLANK!

With the notification, the plaza with the dimensioning device began to change.

The upper part of the eggs surrounding the device was opened, while the white light from the inside of the egg was fired at the pillar in unison. The light inside the column is beginning to get stronger.

“Miss Babel! What is this!” Baeklin cried.

“We’ve activated Fort Modes to deal with mutants. Most of the striking mechanisms were old and cannot be used, so they have no choice but to use a dimensioned weapon using dimensional energy. Be prepared for the impact.”

“If you say dimensional energy, does that mean it will impact the interdimensional stability operations?!”

“Unfortunately, there is no other way. We are opening the port for defense!”

The Tower of Babel was not just a simple shelter. It was a final hideout and the best fortress that the ancients have created. It was a place made in case there was a failure with the dimensional separation. In some cases, it was capable of making the Earth itself a place where life could never live and now, it was about to show some of that.

“No! If so!”

Baeklin was about to ask her something, but Miss Babel didn’t wait for him.

“Dimensional Distortion Barrier Activation!”

WHOOOOO! ZIIIIIING!!

Kukukukku!!!

“Ugh!”

The loud vibrations and noises that rang through the entire square made Baeklin unconsciously clog his ears.

Kukukku...Quaquaqua! Boom boom!!!

The sound alone could shake the entire space and tear it apart

“Shooting the Dimensional Separation Wavelength!”

The beam from the pillar shone brighter than ever before.

If you looked at it with your bare eyes, you would become blind. At the same time, the screams that had power like they were beating their souls covered them all.

“KWAAAAAAAA!!!”

It sounded like it was coming from a deep abyss of inferno, hundreds of them roared in pain.

The space vibrated wildly.

Kuku...Dududu

The tremor lasted for a while. And when all was finally gone, Jaehwang’s eyes grew bigger. He couldn’t feel them. The owners of all those flesh and blood that he felt just a little while ago... The huge presence had vanished as if it were a dream.

If it was someone’s hallucinations or pranks, they were terrible.

At that brief moment, Jaehwang really thought of his last resort...

...but it ended in just 10 seconds.

When everyone was so confused, Babel’s cheerful voice sounded a little relieved.

“Checking the extinction of 124 large monarch-grade mutants... We’re taking off the disaster transfer defense system.”

“Ha...have you taken care of everything?” Baeklin asked as his voice trembled.

Babel could be the only one who handled those mighty things in view of what she said and things that just happened now, but it didn’t make sense. Should the ancient people have made an extreme choice to separate the Earth into three dimensions even though they had this kind of power?

“It took about 7% of my energy. I’m sorry to bother you, but I think we’ll be delayed for about 20 minutes on stabilizing the operation.”

“No, it’s not that... Miss Babel, why did the ancient people take extreme measures to separate the dimensions with this kind of power?” To Baeklin, this was incomprehensible. It was also amazing to be able to deal with dimensional energy, but it could even be used as a weapon.

He knew that they have the technology to separate the dimensions, but using it as a weapon was a completely different story.

“It’s nothing. They dared to charge me with ignorance, and they are the ones who are stupid. These mutants had the ability to pollute common animals, plants and the air. At that time, it was too late to purify all of them, so we decided to separate the dimensions. The Babel Tower is the essence of the ancient Mado technology, but it cannot cover the entire planet.”

“I see.” Since Babel herself said it was nothing, Baeklin had nothing else to do but agree.

“What about taking me to Earth?”

“Oh, that...It’s...

There was somewhat of a pressure in Babel’s voice.

While Baeklin was nervously thinking about what to say, Jaehwang had just finished taking in what had happened.

“You are allowed to go, as soon as the dimensional stability operation is finished, Baeklin will guide you there.”

“Okay, great. Then I will get ready to separate my bowl as well.”

Baeklin was about to say something to him, but Jaehwang closed his mouth and asked Miss Babel, “But I have a favor to ask.”

“Yes? What kind of...”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 293: Final Battle – 1




1

KUUUONNGGG!! CRACCKKK....

With a strong crash, a huge mountain moved up and down.

The expressions of those looking at it were filled with unbelief and fear because everyone knew that that mountain was not just an average mountain. They knew what its building blocks were like. The greatness of its composition could be expressed as follows:

‘The wall is made of the most expensive material in the world.’

‘A legendary luxury, made by grinding trillions of won.’

‘Titan Dust.’

That was the raw material that they used, which was made of eight and tier-nine monster carcasses.

Rumor has it that even 10 Tear monsters have been ground up in there too and if that’s true, that pile would be the most expensive heap of trash in the world. Although the U.S. had the original technology that made it possible, the material was so expensive that they had to take out what had been buried in their old laboratory archives.

Two palm-sized remains of 10-tier monsters cost billions of dollars, but an entire body of such a valuable monster was all ground up in that. The Invincible palace was insane. The composition of that special wall, which was made up of hundreds of grounded nine-tiered monster bodies, had been well announced worldwide.

There were many talks of how excessive and unprecedented luxury it was but now, those who have said that have shut their mouths.

That wall, which seemed unbreakable, was shaking right now. Something beyond that wall was flexing its strength. The fear was contagious. Everyone that gathered here was seasoned hunters, there were no rookies in their ranks. All had at least 10 years of field experience... their lowest ranking member was a five-star hunter, and there were 8000 of them! That kind of great army was set up 500 meters apart from each other.

From the hunters, some of them were retired or went into hiding.

Since these super-humans age slower, age meant just numbers to them. They had varied experiences among them and were the ones who should be encouraging other hunters, but even they were in panic and spreading fear.

KUOOONNGG!!!!

Once again, a loud crashing sound shook the ground, and the hunters instinctively retracted back a few steps.

“Weaklings! Are you even true hunters!? We are the front-liners! Don’t Back down!” An old man with a ragged figure, sleek bald head, and scars on his rugged face, shouted out loud and clear. He was a Busan native who had a nickname ‘white shark’ and had the ability of a seven-star hunter. Although he retired early due to his disillusionment with the world, he was considered to be able to compete with Kwon Je if he had grown steadily.

There were also people there who weren’t feeling well.

Those who once gained fame, but lost some of their bodies due to an accident, and retired, all took part in this operation, the hunters, who bore the significant household names in Korea, were all gathered as well.

KOOOWWW

“Argh!”

Some of the weak-hearted crept back.

“Don’t go back!”

“Keep your ranks!”

The clan masters and officials of each Clan chanted like a maverick, however, the number of people stepping down was starting to increase one by one. Even with that huge wall, the vibrations continued. It’s obvious that from the moment the wall collapses and monsters pour out, hell will break loose. Many of the young hunters here included the senior hunters who grew up sheltered by their clans.

This was the first time for them to play a gate defense of this magnitude.

Moreover, the recent tragedy of the Dark Earth Gate was lodged in their minds.

The 9-tiered monsters are horrifying enough, but a bunch of unbelievable monsters – 10 tier 11 tier – have been spotted.

Since this was a mandatory mission, any hunters abandoning this would have all their assets confiscated and immediately get registered as villains to be pursued by the Hunter’s Office. If it wasn’t for such drastic consequences, most of them would be gone by now.

“Damn it, are we going to be massacred.”

“Yo, let’s run.”

There began to be voices of skepticism about the battle among the young hunters.

It was then...

“The Hunter’s creed number one! A hunter does his best for human development and survival!” An old man shouted, the desperate tone of that voice held those who were retreating to where they were.

That one voice became two and soon, it became three until a fourth one followed their cries. It was all old people who raised their voices. They have gone through the time of the lawlessness in the era of the great fusion. Their voices caught the young hunters. The older people who have always treated them as babies and nagged at them, they awakened their spirits.

And after a while... Everyone there shouted the Hunter’s Creed.

“A Hunter keeps the safety and life of civilians first!”

“A Hunter is the barrier to the front line and its last resort!

“Let’s sacrifice our lives to save humanity and protect our honor!

“Remember those who abandoned a thousand lives like a candle to save a single life!”

During the Great Convergence period, the creed used to go from mouth to mouth among hunters. It was spoken almost like spells when the hunters had to jump into life-or-death situations, and then it became the hunter’s credo that had to be memorized by all.

The Hunter’s creed, which was learned and memorized in the first hour at the Hunter Academy was considered by the modern hunters as a relic of a dim memory. But now, as soon as the hunter’s creed spat out from an old soldier’s mouth, the people who backed down went back to their positions.

“Damn it...”

A young hunter, standing in his position again, touched the air-conditioner at his waist while cursing a little. He was a slumdog until a few years ago. Fortunately, he was praised as a Debaucher for his natural awakening.

The training was hard and afraid of monsters, he overcame them all and became a five-star hunter in a short time. He became the pillar of the family and the pride of his friends. He was able to collect sports cars that he wanted so much, and he even had a girlfriend who was as pretty as a celebrity and now that he was trying to make a living, this happened.

His heart cried out for immediate retreat, but he couldn’t walk away.

Was it pride? No, it was his stubbornness.

“I will never die.”

He felt like he didn’t deserve to die yet.

“If the barrier is breached, the first line of blockage will be the responsibility of the military. All hunters should be aware of this and follow the instructions of each clan conductor. We’re also trying to stop the Dark Earth Gate around the world right now.” A man’s voice was heard over their headsets and it was numbingly calm.

“Finally, the Master Archer is now directly infiltrating the Dark Earth to block the gate. That’s all you have to do. Let’s all be one and defend the Earth. We are humanity’s last hope.”

Those words set everyone’s hearts aflame. If they couldn’t stop them here, then the earth would be in hell.

The lawless age of mankind, which was only taught in textbooks, would be brought back.

KUKUKUKUKUNGG!!

Once again the wall blocking the gate shook violently. This had brought fear to everyone here, but the hunters have strengthened their spirits.

2

“Hmm...” Ruler’s eyes widened, this was a series of events that he had not expected. The energy gushed from the dungeons of the ancient people erased those creatures in a moment.

“Were they still alive?”

It was an unexpected blow. Ruler remembered the dungeons of the ancient people. The dungeon continued to defend themselves from the infiltration by his followers but stopped working at some point and then came back to life. No, it showed a stronger attack that went beyond what he had seen in the past.

They were only a bit of a nuisance to him before, but he still knew their strength. But now, it quickly disposed of those creatures who were not much less powerful than Ruler himself.

“You would probably have a hard time after my departure.”

“It doesn’t matter, their limits were clear anyways,” the immortal monarch replied as if nothing mattered. The capabilities of the ancient Dungeon were just in its vicinity, he would be fine.

“I’ll have to go back to my original plan,” Ruler closed his eyes and then, all his divinity in the Dark Earth woke up.

He commanded all the creatures that obeyed his divinity to...

“Attack the Earth.”

3

There was a clump of red energy on top of the highest rock on the mountain filled with the wind that seemed to freeze everything. At the center of it was a woman standing upright. Even in the freezing cold, the redness that flowed from her body, which was covered with only one piece of clothing, was spreading out to all of her sides.

How long had she been there? The redness from her body prevented her from the invading snowflakes, but the round circle surrounding her was full of ice.

Her eyes, which had been closed, flashed open at some point.

Tub tub tub... tub tub...

As she rose from her seat, and pieces of ice covering her body shattered and fluttered everywhere. But, she looked to one place as if she didn’t care about it. Then, at last... she felt it.

“It’s him.”

The wait was worth it.

She was Jaehwang’s last resort in case he lost Ruler. Only Goongi was capable of this because she tracked Ruler’s Mana when she met him before.

At first, Goongi rejected this plan by Jaehwang.

Even though Jaehwang had gotten stronger, it was too dangerous to send him alone. They have never parted, he was her other half. But because of Jaehwang’s pleading, Goongi could not reject him much longer. She was the only person in the world he really trusted.

“But why is it.” She could not feel Jaehwang’s energy, she could feel him anywhere in the world. That meant he was right now in the Dark Earth, which meant there was only one thing for her to do...

“Stop him.”

Sh...Shhh....

Her body disappeared.

This was where Baeklin’s technique had already set up a mobile spell that could let her travel anywhere in the world came into play, although only once.

A short time later, she appeared on Mt. Baekdu’s Cheonjiyeon.

“This is where he chose.”

It’s a bit of a coincidence.

The place Ruler chose was South Korea.

It was too exquisite to be a coincidence.

The most recent of them was the Dark Earth Gate, located deep and remote, where the 9-tier Monster was raided and not yet fully developed. Of course, there was also a Hunter army deployed here, but their number was smaller than elsewhere.

“KUKUKUNG!”

A wall made of titan dust explodes...

Thousands of hunters around the gate looked more scared than nervous.

Looking at it in the air, Goongi took out a portable radio from Infinity Storage. They had promised to contact each other once Ruler was located.

“Old man!”

“Goongi, your highness.” A thick voice came over from the other side, it was Kwon Je’s. He was stationed at the south of the Gyeonggi province gate.

“You got the location right?”

“Ah! Yes! Huh? This is...” Kwon Je was also surprised at the location that came up.

“Come here right away!”

“On my way! Please protect this area while I am gone!”

“Obviously!”

After she was done, Goongi stared sharply at the monsters that just broke the gates and were coming through. She could feel Ruler hiding among them.

“I’ll run around for you.”

DRRRRR!!!

Her body bulged up and a few moments later, a figure resembling a tiger, yet hundreds of times as large, appeared in the air. Goongi, after transforming back into her real form, fell downwards.

“I’ll finish you!” Her cry shook the mountain stream.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 294: Final Battle – 2




#1

KUKUKU... KWA KWA KWA!!!

KWA KWA KWANG!!

The rain of steel was pouring down, but the military’s attack was meaningless. The monsters that poured out were the ones that didn’t even flinch with human weaponry. The hunters panicked by the wave of monsters that came bursting through the flames. The chronic response system was also a problem.

Their basic countermeasure was for the hunters to deal with the high-level monsters one by one. The problem was that it was not working at all now. The only monsters that were pouring out right now had no cares for gunpowder.

But they couldn’t really blame them...

In the first place, Monster Waves had to be defended with a large force and one could not hope for advanced warfare that would require highly skilled training for the undisciplined hunters. Moreover, the monsters that were pouring out now were just the beginning.

Fortunately, the size of the gate was not so big that the giant monsters had not yet appeared, but the numbers that have poured out so far were enough to annihilate the people who had gathered here. Goongi showing up at this moment was a lifesaver to them.

The barrier made of Titan dust, which was still blocking the gate, was not broken entirely.

That meant that the opening was not too big. Goongi opened her mouth toward that opening. A beam of red energy was then shot out, it was a breath that ripped them based on her myths.

As soon as the redness oozed out of her mouth, the monsters swept and melted away. For a moment, it blocked all the monsters that poured out.

Goongi didn’t end with that. Her hair seemed to stiffen on her body, and a blade of red force formed around her. They spilled out towards the gate and attacked the monsters.

CHYAAA! CHYAAA!

The monsters who were just getting out of the gate collapsed after being split in two.

Her power to cut everything had been materialized. The gate was blocked for an instant, but she wasn’t done yet. Goongi stared straight at the energy she felt of the Ruler.

Ruler did not move, she wondered if he could not move, but it did not matter.

KUKUKUKUKU!!!

Thousands of words appeared above her head. They united into one round circle then wiggled again to split into tens of smaller circles that were then stacked in front of her.

She had...

The greatest myth allowed by any god and was the legend of many people...

[The One Who Protects the West!]

The protruding hexagonal barrier began to drive the monsters away. The things stuck between the pouring monsters and the walls were turned into a mess. It’s not just the power to push, but the power of God. All things that it wanted to block were ruled out. It was then when the large monsters who were relatively comfortable to pass through the gate with their long bodies strapped into the wall and attacked Goongi.

However, this was also planned by Goongi. Goongi snatched it with her front paw threw it back to the gate.

The front of the gate was in a mess.

A monster smaller than Goongi, but of a considerable size, crushes the others down and trampled on it. Goongi kept throwing monsters in that way and as a result, the force pushing the gate was weakened.

“Attack!”

The Hunters also began to help Goongi and started attacking the monsters pouring down from the gate.

All distant projectiles flew towards the monsters.

KWA KWA! PEET PEET!

These weapons were made of monster carcasses provided by Invincible Palace, and were fatal to even high-ranking monsters. The military also began to pour out its weapons generously. When the palace was blocked from the front, hunters seemed to attack from behind.

But the monsters were also formidable...

CHH CHH CHH CHH!

The black light knocked on the barrier made by Goongi and each time, the barrier shook back. They were shot by the monsters with long dangling mouths, but it didn’t weaken Goongi even if it pushed her back a little. Goongi clenched her teeth and stared at a pouring spot of monsters.

She could feel the Ruler’s power continually amplifying...

He was standing still in it as if in admiration, and that’s when Goongi heard Ruler’s voice in her head.

‘You were the one hiding inside of him.’

‘Why didn’t you continue playing god there? Why did you come?’

‘Well, should I say I’m curious about this place where there are creatures like you?’

‘Curiosity is what brings disaster.’

‘Whoa, you think you can stop me?’

‘Don’t be so conceited. You’re only half of yourself here.’

‘That’s true.’

Ruler simply agreed with Goongi’s words. He was only half of himself. When the gods go over to another dimension, they would lose their divinity, but that’s only half true. Even now, the Dark Earth monsters that were pouring out from all over the world were replenishing his strength.

Ruler was now gathering his strength step by step.

He could have fought back at one go, but the more he waited, the more the time was on his side. Of course, it would be a turnaround when Jaehwang’s party in Dark Earth returned, but that time was also in Ruler’s calculations. If he could absorb a powerful creature, he could give Jaehwang a nightmare and now, that powerful being was in front of him.

‘I was the one who didn’t have anything.’

‘What bullshit are you saying now?’

‘I was born in the poorest body. I was always hungry.’

The black body began to wriggle.

‘What?’

‘So, I’ll have you for now.’

With his words, Ruler’s presence began to grow little by little. His mighty mana rose in waves and began to stretch out in all directions. The number of monsters pouring out had decreased as well...

No, that’s not it. It was pouring into a round sphere made in front of the gate. The sphere continued to grow. The hunters’ intensive attacks have poured in, but Ruler’s body had not responded to the point where the attacks seemed meaningless. Then, it grew into a giant sphere that easily crossed the gate.

And at one point, a huge force from the sphere began to hit all of its surroundings.

It absorbed everything around it as if the Dark Earth monsters that poured from its back were not enough.

“Get away!!” Goongi yelled at the hunters behind her, but they have not realized what was happening and scrambled around. The consequences were dire.

“Aghhh! I’m getting sucked in!”

“Grab something around at least!”

“No! Run!”

The sphere pulled everything around it, some hunters were absorbed into it.

‘Keke... Delicious. Great, lots of useful things.’

‘You crazy... pervert!!’

‘And you can also be part of me!’

‘Hell no!’

Enraged, Goongi opened her mouth widely towards his body. Then, she shot out a breath with god’s strength.

KUKUKUKUKUKUKUNG!!!!

But the sphere of the body even absorbed that breath. It ballooned even bigger and faster as if it just consumed a lot of energy.

‘What an attractive energy!’

CHYAAAA!!

Hundreds of black tentacles stretched out from the sphere and fired towards Goongi.

Stepping back and avoiding them, the tentacles again diverged and diverged, eventually becoming a huge curtain that mercilessly attacked Goongi. Goongi had a gut feeling that she should not defend.

“Hmph!”

She intended to block the entrance until Jaehwang came, but it seemed difficult. Originally, Jaehwang asked Goongi to track Ruler rather than to block him. Goongi realized she had made a mistake, he even had her on his plan.

The wave of pain hits her whole body when the tentacles touched her hind legs.

“KWAAAAA!”

With a scream and a whimper flying backward, Goongi hid behind where Ruler’s tentacles had grazed a little while ago.

It was painful. It was only a passing moment, but a considerable amount of her mana was sucked away.

‘I can feel your strength... Everything you have... Hu-Hu-Hu’

“Damn it.” Goongi stepped back slowly.

Ruler, who spoke greedily, began to slip away from the gate, however, she cannot rush in to attack. Her chances were bad, Goongi was specialized in direct attacks.

The problem was that her opponent should not be approached. It sucks everything around it. They have absorbed her long-range attacks, which means they lacked the means to attack her as well.

‘Hey. If you want to play in this world, why don’t you play the games in this place? Such perversion is not welcome here.’

‘Really? Well, I’d love to have some more fun, but I’m busy!’

CHYAAAAAA!!!!!

With his words, Ruler’s tentacles came out again. Goongi tried to buy some time by talking but Ruler did not give her any. The tentacles started to attack the hunters. Even with Goongi’s speed, it was hard for her to escape, so there was no chance for the hunters to survive. Ruler’s long tentacles absorbed hundreds of hunters at once.

“Get out of the way!”

“Go back!”

Hunters gave up the attack and tried to escape but hundreds fell dead at Ruler’s feet.

‘Chase them, my followers.’

A wave of monsters came out from behind Ruler, and they attacked the hunters and soldiers at an incredible speed.

“KRRRRRRR!”

“AGGHHH!!”

“SAVE ME!!”

Their screams rang all over the place. The monsters did not kill the hunters, they grabbed them and brought them back to Ruler.

The black sphere continued to grow, but Goongi had no time to take care of them. This was because the tentacles from Ruler’s body, which kept on swelling, chased her.

‘Be one with me calmly.’

‘Screw you!’

Goongi flew up into the sky, the tentacles could no longer follow her as she flew up far. The red mana began to flock like waves around Goongi’s body, who stopped in the sky. Goongi gathered all her strength; whether it works or not, this was the only way.

Shh....

An unusual feeling of energy dyed the heavens and earth.

The world was dyed red all over, these red energies continued to form around Goongi.

Goongi gathered all of her divinity into one point.

‘This is dangerous even for me... gather.’

Ruler transformed in order to defend from Goongi’s attack. The tentacles wrapped his body and started to transform. The rattling sphere began to harden, and a shiny hard shell had sprung up.

The monsters who escaped the gate to see if that was not enough also blocked Ruler in front of them.

And on top of it, all was Goongi’s Red Breath...

KYAAAAA!

KUKUKUKU...

The whole mountain vibrated. A powerful explosion created a wave of blinding light covered their surroundings. The hunters fleeing were blown away by the aftermath of the explosion. The various firearms left behind by the soldiers were swept into the air by the storm, and the trees were broken as the rocks rose.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 295: Final Battle – 3




#1

Thud....

A huge 500-meter crater was created in front of where the gate was muddled. There was nothing left. Everything was swept clean, and only Goongi was floating in the air as if she were the winner alone, but in reality, she was very confused.

‘Where is it?’

She missed.

That was absolutely unrealistic. She thought it was inevitable. Ruler also chose to block rather than avoid it, but she couldn’t see it.

In addition, Ruler’s trail disappeared. One might think that he was turned to powder, but the deep-seated crater represents the fact that it didn’t. Goongi pulled herself out and soared into the air. This was in response to a violent warning that rang in her mind for a moment. And just a moment ago, a black wind swirled past where she was.

No, it’s not a black wind; It was a tentacle that was so fast that it even penetrated the speed of sound.

The threat didn’t end in a single shot.

SWOOSH!

The tentacles swept towards her with an unbelievable speed. The unexpected surprise finally struck her in the ribs and as soon as she staggered in the air, a flurry of tentacles was pitted mercilessly in her side like a worm that snatched a prey.

“Whoa!”

WOOSH!

Falling to the ground, she clenched her teeth and hurriedly released herself. The tentacles from the sides were pulled out. The reason she released herself was that the tentacle absorbed her mana in a moment. No, it actually tried to absorb not only her mana but also her source of information and divinity.

If she endured too hard to maintain her main body, those would have been pulled out in the end.

“Ugh...”

Goongi, who held her side, backed up. A black sphere sprang up before her. It’s as if it’s been there ever since, and it’s laughing at her.

“Do you like it? It’s a skill called transparency.”

The black sphere split in the middle and in between, its human form was revealed. Goongi’s eyes curled violently when she saw the face of the creature who walked out. He had the appearance of her master, Jaehwang.

“How dare you imitate his face!?

As Goongi gritted her teeth, Ruler shrugged and said, “Well, is this not good? I just copied him because he’s the strongest man on Earth.”

“You are not good enough to imitate him.”

Ruler shrugged at her words. “Well, is that so? But I don’t think I have a reason to follow you.” He grinned. “You’ll be one with me soon.”

“Nonsense!” It’s a light provocation and she did not like it. Goongi then exclaimed, “Die!”

Zang!!!

There was a red gale over her arms. Her hands, which jumped straight into the air, was then crossed.

‘Sixteenth Layers of Murderous Strengths’

A curtain of steel, tens times larger and denser than the one that appeared against the Orcs in the past, came up and attacked Ruler. The assault, which began in her hands, produced dozens of furrows on the ground.

But Ruler, standing at the center of it, didn’t back down and blocked it by crossing his two hands.

There was not a scratch on his body.

“Stop this, too!”

Dozens of red rays swirled violently as her fists plucked down in the air and were pulled towards her back. A wave of stormy spirits was contained in them.

“Ultimate Massacre!”

If the first was wide, the latter was the most powerful skill that she could apply to a single entity while in her human form. The pillar of strength that stretched out from her fist fell over Ruler’s head. He was hit by the ultimate man-to-man attack with her divinity that tore everything it touched! Ruler had a puzzled look on his face as if he hadn’t thought of it before.

But...

“It tickles.”

Ruler’s face smirked before the strong energy even touched him. At the same time, the shape crumbled away. Goongi’s ultimate skill hit the wry ground, a curtain of tentacles was pulled out of the sphere and surrounded her.

“Ugh!...” Goongi’s face showed disapproval. The shelter was gone. A few strands of tentacles whirled around her.

“I’m disappointed that you’re so stupid. I can’t believe you’re falling into this common trap.” Ruler, who popped out of a black sphere, flicked his finger.

“You!!!”

Goongi’s whole body turned red again, but Ruler didn’t remove a smile from his face. He even pitied her. It seemed that she still hadn’t realized her crisis. Thousands of tentacles were thrust into Goongi in unison, she could no longer escape.

Yet in Goongi’s head, which Ruler thought was failing to grasp the situation, was cooler than ever now. Rather, it’s Ruler who gets paid back.

“Now...”

‘All right.’

A red light sparked in the sky over the two and...

Ziiiiing!!!

A huge amount of heat energy hit Ruler’s body. That attack came from a satellite laser bombing from outside the atmosphere. Not one, but nine laser attacks fell from the air! It only intensively beat one Ruler. The dark hole lavishly showed Jaehwang their potential. All the laser satellites that the U.S. Department of Defense launched with astronomical amounts of money were bet on Jaehwang. Of course, it wasn’t just that.

Though it didn’t mean a great blow to Ruler, Goongi, who earned a moment’s time, pulled a gun out of her arms. It’s an odd gun with an ampule on the front.

Ta-da!

POW!

The shot went straight to his heart. It’s a kind of shotgun containing some purple liquid. With a satisfying strike, Goongi escaped through the tentacle wall with strong rays all over her body.

Goongi, now far away from Ruler, placed her hands on her waist. “How does that feel?!”

“What is this..?!” said Ruler, looking down at the thing stuck in his heart. The liquid inside the ampule had already been injected.

“It’s a special pesticide that the guys who make something like yourself had.”

“The insecticide? Awk...” Ruler groaned as he tilted his head.

At the same time, the balls that were covering him starts wiggling wildly. The convulsions caused the tentacles to lose their strength and fall to the ground.

“There’s a lot of research on some species like you owned by the American people. I asked them if they had anything to give me, and they gave me that.”

One of the secret weapons that the U.S. took out when L formerly went on a rampage in the U.S. was the mutants. Although primitive, she questioned the U.S. about the weapon against Ruler considering that the mutants shared the basic mechanism of Ruler. The U.S. provided an invincible liquid that could instantly delete mutants in case of an emergency.

“Ugh!”

The black sphere became dust and began to fall. It wasn’t like a poison. A ruler would not lose to poison anyway, but the effect of this was more deadly than poison anyway.

“They say it is said to be the most lethal drug that targets the weakness of those ever-evolving mutants. What do you call it? It’s based on cancer cells, and it’s like copying an engine of evolution indefinitely, but I don’t need to remember such a complicated thing! How does that feel now?!”

“Awk...”

Wiggle...

The black sphere continued to fall in the dust, as if it was being burned by an invisible fire. Its size was so huge that the process was still small, but it accelerated little by little.

“What are you doing? Go on! Have fun!” When Goongi shouted at the radio in her hand, she heard an exciting answer.

‘Let’s start the indiscriminate bombing! ‘

Zing!!!

POW!!! BOOM!

The laser shelling, which began again from the sky, pounded Ruler everywhere.

‘Don’t get loose just because you gave one punch back.’ Goongi, who resembles Jaehwang and aims for frugal and efficient fighting, did not let the laser satellite still.

Goongi widened the distance a little. She’s also trying to get back to herself... But the attempt was forced to pause for a while by Ruler’s laughter.

“Kkk...kk...khahaha!!!” Ruler bursts into a frenzy.

Was he crazy or something? No, he’s not crazy, he was rather enjoying himself.

“It’s fun. It’s fun! Choosing the Earth was the best choice.”

Swoosh!

With the word, the round sphere began to change. The outside of the sphere wriggled hard. With that single moment of change, the heat in the satellite laser didn’t hit the Ruler any more, they could not damage him!

Psh... woooosh!

Dozens of sharp insect legs rose under the sphere. The legs, which looked like that of a spider, were bristled with blade-like hair.

“And...” Ruler pulled an ampule from his chest and threw it on the floor. “It wasn’t very nutritious, but it was quite fun. I’ve already had tens of thousands of attacks in the past that purposely injected me with mutated DNA. These primitive attempts were good, but they don’t work for me.”

Ruler’s body slowly seeped into the sphere. “And now I’m going to start attacking. I’m tired of playing more.”

Ruler’s body completely disappeared and became a queer, with only his head left.

“Hold on!”

Argh!!!

Dozens of tentacles stretched over the sphere, not so different from what was shown before. The problem was their number. The tentacles momentarily disappeared from her sight.

Woosh!

“Awk!!”

Being beaten by something invisible, Goongi’s body flew in the air.

BAM!!!

Goongi’s body hit the rock, an ordinary individual would have been covered in blood with this single attack. She pulled herself straight out of there, but Ruler’s attack was just beginning.

Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh! Puffing, puffing, puffing!

“Argh!”

The tentacles swung at her at a terrific speed. All Goongi could do was stand still and hold on as ten tentacles hammered her beyond the speed of sound. She could not dodge it. Although she had a barrier, its part was cut off whenever a tentacle touched it.

“I wish you had been caught decently!”

“Don’t mess with me!”

“Hahaha!”

The tentacles went faster as his maniacal laugh rang around them. The red shield surrounding Goongi’s body began to shrink a little by little and eventually, it was reduced to a size that could barely cover her.

Poo-poo-

The tentacles, which were swinging at an unseen speed, were embedded in Goongi’s shield. Although they didn’t reach her body, their heads soon turned like a drill and began digging into her shield.

Thud..! Thud...

Ruler’s body slowly approached her. He was in no hurry as if he had put a delicious dish in front of him.

Schwap!

Dozens of tentacles with sharp sides like that of the guillotine were pulled out.

But there was no fear in Goongi’s eyes as it looked at them. Rather, she said to Ruler with a smile on her face, “If you touch me, my Jaehwang will get angry at you.”

“Haha, is that so? But too bad. It’ll take him a long time to get here. Why do you think I came to this remote place? You believe in their teleport magic, but your knowledge is as good as mine. Teleport is limited to where you’ve been once. By the time he arrives, I’ll be gone. Oh, do you have anything to say to him in case we bump into each other later? I’ll tell him when he gets over there,” Ruler said in a mocking tone.

But Goongi rather answered it with a smile. She felt sorry for him who took this place as his destination. “Just say it yourself. You pervert.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 296: Unity of Two Gods…And – 1





Chapter 296: Unity of Two Gods...And – 1




1

“Ugh...!” Ruler stopped as if he had been electrocuted. He couldn’t feel it, but he could tell for sure that the one showed up here. He didn’t know how the one got through his interruptions so quickly, but he didn’t have the time to think about the reason now.

He was the only one who made him give up what he called an analysis of the opponent. It’s been a long time since Ruler felt this eerie feeling. He was the most troublesome and difficult man to deal with when compared to the data of all the enemies he had fought against so far. He was a seasoned hunter who never overdid himself and never shows his power.

Being his opponent, Ruler tried to be as careful about the full-scale battle with that man as he could. Ruler had mapped out a complex plan and deployed as many troops as they could. This was because it was advantageous to play a battle after shaking the opponent with as little strength as possible.

However, his plan had been disrupted.

He got back to earth faster than what he had expected, this meant that all the plans that he had went awry, and the fact that a man like Jaehwang was at the forefront meant that everything was ready.

But... It was Ruler who was already prepared for this situation.

“That was fast.”

“I was lucky.”

That’s a bad answer that’s not very welcome at the moment.

‘Damn it...’

Boom!! Pow!!!!

As soon as the black sphere expanded rapidly, it exploded. It didn’t actually explode. It would be appropriate to say that it had been torn into dozens. They spread out in all directions. And inside, a bizarre form of existence appeared. It wasn’t very big. Of course, the battleground was already well over 100 meters, it was not just big enough for a black sphere.

All black, it resembled a beast who walked on four legs with dozens of arms on its back similar to that of humans.

Pow!

Covered in fabric, the being hit the ground at an unimaginable speed. With that single movement, the earth explodes and breaks through the speed of sound. Appearing a long way away, Ruler had completed an exoskeleton that had yet to be fully constructed. It was not just an insect’s exoskeleton, but an exoskeleton that was tightly woven with dense scales.

This was his defense system that he worked hard on over a long period of time. More than anything, it was firm, more flexible, and more resilient.

Thud...

His back was split into two and his scab wings spread out, and inside of it were four pairs of transparent-colored wings. They were seemingly fragile, but these wings were harder than any skin that existed in the Dark Earth. Besides the legs, dozens of hands stretched upwards were not for physical attacks.

He was also proficient in the ancient magic of the Maddo period. He faced had many magical creatures, and he absorbed all their strengths. He could absorb all the magic circuits planted in their cells, while also mastering the use of ancient magic through the absorption of minded knowledge.

This hand existed for that. Finally, the part that becomes the head resembled that of the dragon. With black skin and six horns, its mouth was filled with ominous color.

This was the form that he completed, it had perfect defense and offense, and could respond to any systematic attack. When he was ready, Ruler calmed down. Now, the great crisis was over.

This was because his transformation was his most vulnerable time. But the moment he saw his opponent with his naked eye, he gnashed his teeth. Rather than attacking Ruler, Jaehwang was standing next to Goongi that had been attacked until just now. He didn’t seem to care about Ruler.

“Well done.”

“Why are you so late!” Goongi grumbled into Jaehwang’s arms. Though she herself had broken Jaehwang’s request, she was busy grumbling.

“Are you feeling okay?”

“Does this look all right? I also had a hole in my side earlier!” She whined and groped, but the wound was healed already. However, Jaehwang’s eyes were curled violently when she touched them as if she were sick. In Ruler’s point of view, the two were absolutely ridiculous. He was beaten up by her too.

“I’ll teach him a lesson.”

“Of course. Did you know what that pervert said? I almost died of goosebumps when he was waving those dirty tentacles and said I should become one with him. He’s crossing the line!”

“Yes, yes, I am glad you endured it well.” When Jaehwang patted her head, Goongi finally closed her mouth and felt his hand. This was a scene that Ruler didn’t like.

“Should I pay it back?”

“Of course!”

“Come in.”

“Okay!”

The body of Goongi disappeared like a mirage. It was united with Jaehwang.

Now, this was where Goongi felt comfortable. Jaehwang was also most relaxed when he was with Goongi.

“Phew...” With a light sigh, Jaehwang turned his head and looked at Ruler.

A brief confrontation...

There was no dialogue between the two. As much as Ruler was wary of Jaehwang, Jaehwang also tried to analyze everything about Ruler. They resembled each other.

“Bastard.”

That was the conclusion between the two. The two were strategists rather than warriors, they tried to make and finish a battle that they could win. They were the type to create victor instead of just striking their opponent hard.

There was no need to talk to each other as much as there was an exchange. How thoroughly prepared each other was the only way to determine their fight’s outcome.

And Jaehwang had many things that he hasn’t shown Ruler yet.

“Let’s try that one.”

“You mean that? Ummm...” Goongi hesitated for a moment at Jaehwang’s words. That’s because it feels a little weird when it’s done, as Jaehwang said. It didn’t mean that it was bad, it just feels a little weird. But it was also necessary now to beat that Ruler for sure.

“All right.” Goongi’s permission had been given. Jaehwang took off his helmet and hood from his head, those were no longer necessary from now on.

He took off what he was wearing and became as light as he could. Then, Jaehwang slowly awakened his myth.

The owner of Goongi [class S]

This was a token that he was linked to Goongi under God’s name. Goongi, which meant that the two are one forever, also took out her myth.

Goongi’s companion [class S]

This was Goongi’s token of sharing even a single soul.

Two myths came to mind. They started with two, but its meaning stood side by side as it became one and slowly began to converge. An article that would never be in the world again and a new myth slowly came to their minds.

A double date [SSS-level]

Two myths have become one...

And the two gods linked as one...

Thud..!!

Jaehwang’s hair grew long and began to glow red, and his ears creaked up between his hair. His fangs grew as well. He looked like a part of the Elus’ Su tribe and that was the end of their change. Their real transformation was evident on the inside, not on the outside.

The myth of the Unity of Two Gods was not just one plus one.

All the advantages of the two had combined together, and even the sacredness of the two became one. This was why Goongi hated this look. If the former unity was simply about sharing ideas, the idea of the two becomes one in the Unity of Two Gods.

That was not the only change, even both myths were usable. Literally, another god of a completely different stature was born.

This wasn’t actually a myth that they intentionally created. Both were looking for ways to become a little stronger, and they happened to find it in the process of upgrading a buff called ‘incarnation,’ which Goongi had previously bet on Jaehwang. Jaehwang’s identity had been on par with Goongi, and the body of fire had become useless, so far. It was intended to improve that, but they realized that the myth of the two could become one. Although the two were not well known yet, the fact that the two gods were united was so strong that they were rated as SSS in Jaehwang’s status window.

His attack began even before Ruler could react to Jaehwang’s change.

Boom!!!

Jaehwang’s body, appearing as if it was teleporting, aimed at Ruler’s side. Goongi’s redness stood on the fists of Jaehwang. It was an attack that Ruler did not dare to belittle. The attack was only the beginning, though it eluded at an unimaginable speed.

QAKAKAKAKAKAH!!!

In an instant, dozens of punches were thrown out, each of which had the same power as the lethal weapon of Goongi. By avoiding it, Ruler’s body also changed. The shells dithered, and dozens of tentacles sprouted like a surprise to defend against Jaehwang’s attack.

It swung at a formidable speed and blocked his red blows. Jaehwang’s eyes wiggled when he saw it. The bad memories of Goongi came to his mind.

Long stretches of tentacles lurked around Ruler as if they were escorting him.

“That’s an interesting trick. I’ll play with you.” The air around Jaehwang’s body was tingling and an arrow was produced. It was the one that swept the monsters by exploring the Tower of Babel. The problem was their numbers.

One, two, six, ten, twenty-four, one hundred! Two hundred!

The arrow began to divide and in the end, hundreds were floating as if it were escorting Jaehwang’s body. Jaehwang rushed back into Ruler. The tentacles flew at Jaehwang but this time, hundreds of arrows surrounding Jaehwang’s body intercepted them one by one.

Those arrows were used not just for interception or defense, but for other various means.

In an instant, Jaehwang’s body appeared on Ruler’s back as if it were teleporting. Jaehwang’s fists were stuck in the crack created by the rapid pace of control.

WOOSH!

Jaehwang’s fist was stamped on Ruler’s exoskeleton. Not just to hit it, but to get it right, and that’s where Jaehwang’s new attack began.

The death of an SS

A punisher [class S]

Jaehwang’s myth was carried in his fist...

The force that cuts everything [class S]

Teeth that bites everything [class A]

A monster-eating camouflage [class A]

Goongi’s myth followed...

And the result was...

Qwaaak! CRACKK!!

It was only a blow, but the blow destroyed everything at the surface around it.

“Argh!” Ruler pulled himself out while screaming.

Ruler was a deity and he cannot be hurt normally, however, the hostile myths that just came in greedily bit his divinity and wiped it out.

The difference in size itself made a big difference for Ruler. He jumped away in pain. The wound was already healing but he didn’t feel so good.

‘I forcibly restored it, but it’s terrible.’

He had to use more than the necessary energy that he needed as he devoured the energy he had put into recovery. His shell was compromised but the pained remained the same. The wounds lasted longer because they were the attacks of the same kind.

“Huh! it hurts quite a bit,” Ruler said as if it was nothing.

Given that he had a similar type of combat style, even a small weakness would be persistent. To conceal his information as much as possible in a battle, Jaehwang seemed to be holding up his fist and tilting his head as he felt that his response was not that good.

‘That’s just great.’

Ruler, who thought his intentions worked, prepared a counterattack. The base was laid long ago to give a twist. It’s a bit of a waste to use it as a counterattack, but Ruler, facing a once-in-a-lifetime adversary, knows now that it was not the time to save it.

Pwakk!!

The sudden surge of black energy from the ground clung to Jaehwang’s body. These were the things created when he tore up the sphere and threw it all up in all directions at the moment Jaehwang appeared. They were not just shells that were wrapped around the Ruler. Each and every one of them was like Ruler’s alter-ego. Those lurking in the ground popped out and clung to Jaehwang’s body while being enveloped in a layer of black energy.

And...

QAKAKAKAKAKAKAKABANG!!!!

They exploded.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 297: Unity of Two Gods…And – 2





Chapter 297: Unity of Two Gods...And – 2




#1

A blow of satisfaction was given, but Ruler had no intention of ending the battle yet. He didn’t take the chance and just relaxed. Black and sticky energy gushed from all sides and they clung en masse to the scene of the explosion before they went off once more.

Boom! Boom! Boom boom!

The continuous sound of explosions vibrating the sky and the atmosphere caused even the distortion of space, pounding the entire Baekdu Mountain area. Originally, he would have saved this skill until the very last minute but at the same time, he was a strategist who knew that if he kept saving, it would get wasted.

Even if it was a handshake.

Currrrrr...crack... crack...

The deep, steep valley of Mt. Baekdu collapsed under the shock. The clouds above the sky were dug up in all directions around the origin of the explosion. This shows how powerful the shock was. A thick cloud of dust flew up. This was after a pile of rocks broke apart and a small mountain peak hit by a waterfall was broken.

“Haha...” Ruler smiled confidently like a winner, this was because the trick he prepared worked perfectly. It was one of his proven attacks that he used several times in the past.

But his smile didn’t last that long either. Although all the dust had not subsided, the energy of his existence that should be in the middle of it all had disappeared.

“Hmm?”

Was he turned to dust?

His presence was wiped clean, Ruler can’t find Jaehwang anywhere else. Was Jaehwang hiding under the ground to escape the explosion? It’s not even funny. Hiding in the ground was not something he could understand. His attacks weren’t so sloppy, one could tell by just looking at the heavy dust that had settled down that he just created a black hole.

The earth did not diminish his attack by little, and his attack shrewdly targeted his very defense, but Jaehwang was gone. Then, a strange phenomenon occurred between the spaces in the middle of the heavy wick.

A finger appeared in the air. Then, he tore them from top to bottom and spread them from side to side as if he had torn leather.

It was Jaehwang, who looked as if nothing had happened. What’s unusual was that thousands of tiny letters were spinning over his exposed arms.

Ruler’s face wriggled with anger. “That’s an interesting trick.”

“Basic.”

“Did you know?”

“I expected that this kind of attack would fly in once.”

“Ha...! The magic of dealing with space. You got me this time.”

It’s just a trick, not magic, but Jaehwang didn’t bother to correct it.

Jaehwang was a little surprised by this attack. In fact, it was not without a blow. For the first attack, he had to withstand it entirely with basic defense. Then, he developed the trick, forcefully ignoring Ruler’s insidious, murderous strength. This was what Goongi’s visceral response to his long combat experience with various opponents had paid off.

“You are a great fit as my opponent.”

Jaehwang appeared intact, but Ruler was not discouraged at all. Rather, it was raising his speculation and fighting power. He fought against numerous beings in the Dark Earth for tens and thousands of years. Over the years, his longing for a battle, which had fallen asleep, was resurfacing through a formidable opponent named Jaehwang. He was also the god of battle in the Dark Earth.

BOOM!

Ruler took advantage of his size and quickly compressed the space around him. Making one’s own merits into another’s faults – it was the basis of battle. It’s Ruler who reached Jaehwang’s front in just three steps. The storm caused by his tremendous speed crashed into Jaehwang first. At the same time, all the offensive means of Ruler, who appeared to fold up space, flew toward Jaehwang. The dragon’s mouth came as if to engulf Jaehwang and two powerful forelegs flew as if to tear the space it stands in. The dozens of hands on his back cast a ball of various colors and then began throwing it into the space where Jaehwang was. The tentacles squeezed in between them and aimed persistently at Jaehwang’s body.

Boom!!! Boom!! THUD.

Zaaaaap!! Zaap!!!! POW!

Ruler charged, and Jaehwang rushed in without feeling intimidated. At first sight, there was an overwhelming difference in mass, which would make Jaehwang never be his proper opponent, but in the eyes of Jaehwang, there was no fear at all. Jaehwang was also the god of fighting on Earth.

Quaqua bang!!! Boom boom!!!

The clash between the two gods pounded Mount Baekdu. The top of the mountain fluctuated as if a tidal wave had happened and smashed its valleys to pieces. The two didn’t dare to retreat. If Ruler had an overwhelming size and a colorful attack, Jaehwang was responding to it with speed. It looked like a fight between fighters.

Jaehwang responded to Ruler’s attack with red force and arrows while keeping a certain distance. The 100-meter-long giant rushed to the scene with his mouth wide open, and the cave seemed to swallow Jaehwang in one gulp.

But Jaehwang didn’t panic at all and clenched his two fists at it.

“Invincible Spirit of Heaven”

Rumbling!!!

With a thunderous sound, a huge fist of strength extended from Jaehwang’s fist. This was the skill solely performed by Kwon Je. Kwon Je’s fist hammers if Goongi’s attack was sharp. A small arrow was spinning wildly in the grip of his hand, which was hidden behind, pulling itself back with a rebound of invincible power at the same time.

SWOOSH!!!

The arrow, which was shot in secret, hits Ruler’s eye.

“AWK!!”

Ruler screamed, not only the arrow penetrated his eye, but it wandered through Ruler’s head. Though it was not a quick attack, the clever blow made the black energy gush from Ruler’s whole body, pushing Jaehwang away.

Jaehwang stepped back in conformity with the spirit and for every step that he took, Ruler’s magic would fly towards him. They seemed to back down and attack while constantly injecting the wrong information into the enemy.

It’s really like a battle of gods.

“Stopping at using your little tricks, huh?”

“Not as much as you do.”

Ruler, who appeared in good shape as if he had never hurt his eyes, sneered at Jaehwang’s words. Jaehwang grinned at his answer. Honestly, if it’s someone who was using tricks, Ruler was the one doing it.

“You don’t have to hide it because you know that the longer you endure, the more disadvantaged I am.”

Ruler fell silent on Jaehwang’s words and a ghastly light flowed from his eyes.

“You don’t seem nervous even though you know.”

“Well, it is within the range of what I expected.” Jaehwang shrugged but in reality, this situation was quite serious.

Jaehwang knew the reason why Ruler was running out the clock now. The more monsters come over from the Dark Earth and the more people are afraid of them and the Ruler lurking behind them, the more the Ruler receives the divinity named fear and despair from the Earth. Ruler was also taking the divinity from the monsters that were pouring into each Dark Earth gate, just as Jaehwang had revealed his presence to Ruler in the Dark Earth and had gained credence with other beings connected to him.

“Within the range of expectations... I really don’t like you.”

The black energy from Ruler’s body materialized and wrapped around him. The fluttering energy made Ruler’s body even bigger. As if there was nothing more to hide, Ruler began to display his absorbed power.

Zap... Zap...

Ruler’s appearance began to change. The dragon’s head cracked up and down, his upper body changed and clung to his upper body. They all turned into dragon heads, big and small.

THUD..! THUD!

The long tentacles dug into the ground. The four strong legs on the ground were strained.

Alerted a little, Jaehwang hurried to prepare for his response.

Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

The whole space they were standing was covered in darkness. Jaehwang popped out with a flash of light in the darkness, which devoured both light and sound. When Jaehwang, with red wings on his back, soar into the sky, dozens of black spheres follow him up. Jaehwang, who was flying away from them as if they were guided missiles, stopped in the air and fired back with the arrows he had produced.

However, the number of black balls thrown by Ruler was overwhelming. The number that flies in a row was already hundreds. At the number that arrows could no longer handle, Jaehwang frowns his forehead.

Jaehwang’s hands were gathered together before he pulled one back as if he was pulling a bow. Between them, an arrow of red strength was made and appeared with a flash.

Ping!

The opposite arrow flew back through the black spheres into the dark space. The arrow devoured the darkness and struck Ruler’s body a moment later. And...

BANG!!!!

The ground shakes and the atmosphere fluctuates frantically. The darkness spread and all the things exposed at it melted away. The waves of the air that soared into the sky spread out everywhere, ripping everything apart, and Jaehwang fell in an unstable manner.

THUD...

Jaehwang’s knees bent down when he landed on the ground. His face didn’t look so good, as Ruler stood upright where the darkness had disappeared. Though the attack was exchanged, it was actually Jaehwang who bore the damage.

“What do you think? Is this within the range what you expected?” Ruler asked sarcastically.

Jaehwang only glared at him without giving any answer.

“I’d like to talk to you more, but you don’t look well...”

Ruler curled up.

It’s a preliminary move for a rush...

BOOM!

“I’ll make it quick!”

#2

Swoosh...

The cold wind blew up and disappeared, taking away the clumps of dust. When the things that had been blocking the view disappeared one by one, only one giant black beast and one tottering figure stood in the middle of it all.

“You bastard.”

“So are you.”

Neither of them looked very well.

Ruler’s body had holes, where black gas was belching out. Tentacles and magic hands have long been knitted inside. Since he realized that the tentacles and magic were not very efficient in his battle against Jaehwang, he had not used them.

Jaehwang’s hair was also scorched. There was a thin stream of blood around his mouth, and his left arm was dripping with blood.

Rumble...

While Jaehwang fixes his left arm and wipes the blood around his mouth with a force close to regeneration, Ruler also repaired the holes in his body.

Both had divine capabilities in combat. They knew when to hit and go in, and they knew how to play a boring tug-of-war to make up for their strength. Moreover, they were in the position of a God, so they did not budge from mere external wounds.

It’s only been a little over ten minutes, but the two have had hundreds and thousands of clashes between them.

And the bottom line was that the two were neck and neck.

“I failed.”

His plan went wrong. Ruler actually knew that from the time Jaehwang appeared, his plan had failed. Considering their capabilities, his plan to take root on the earth would still be hard even if he won but now, he just spent his time without winning. Time was not on his side now.

“You wouldn’t let me go even if I said I would disappear for good, would you?”

“Of course.”

Jaehwang disappeared and blocked the Dark Earth gate.

“I never meant to let you go in the first place. You’re too dangerous to be sent back to the Dark Earth.”

“Of course.” Ruler nodded coolly. He wouldn’t let Jaehwang go either. If Jaehwang went back, he’d smash the dimensioning device right away. Jaehwang would know that too, but Ruler also had no intention of going back. No, he won’t just go back.

“By the way.”

“?”

“I can’t go like this either.” Ruler’s body began to change. The black energy slowly began to dissipate. At the same time, his presence began to fade away. It’s like he’s dying. When Jaehwang tilted his head...

THUD...

Ruler’s body slowly began to crumble. So, as if the iceberg had melted away, when it all broke and fell to the floor, there was a huge jewel in the air of the place where he was standing, emitting a gloomy black light.

It sank slowly to the floor.

And...

Woosh...

“I’ll end you with my own hands.”

From the jewels, an enormous amount of energy, which was incomparable to the past, began to erupt violently.

“Ugh..!”

Jaehwang lowered himself to resist his divinity. It was an enormous force to the point of shame compared to the previous one. Jaehwang wondered why Ruler had a neck-and-neck race against him when he had such power in the first place.

Swoosh..!

The Jewel slowly began to create a form. It’s not that big. It was only as big as a human boy at best.

“I am the beginning and end of all sources and an absolute Ruler over even death!”

Ping...

“Huk...”

The hand of the presence that appeared before him even before Jaehwang crossed his hands pierced his stomach.

“Awk...!”

“Regret that you made me get this appearance out.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 298: A beast caught in a trap




#1

Bang!!! Boom!

The sky was turned upside down and the earth rose up in the midst of a chain of explosions along with the intersecting black and red streaks of light. Jaehwang was fighting a vicious struggle.

“Ugh!!”

“Try to hold out!”

Ruler, who appeared behind Jaehwang’s back as he shot away, whispered in his ear. Jaehwang’s blade-like elbow attack and a red arrow following him were aimed at him, but the arrow snapped and was smashed in Ruler’s hand.

“Is this all you’ve got?” Ruler became completely different.

It wasn’t simply because he was speeding up or because he was getting stronger. Previously, he would have coordinated the battle to some extent by repeating his advances and retreats but now, he was pushing it as if he didn’t care about anything anymore. In addition, his body still had holes.

A little black energy around Jaehwang not only upset his stomach but it is hindering his regeneration.

POW!

“Awk!”

“Hahaha!”

Jaehwang, who was beaten on the back, turned around and stretched his foot to attack, but Ruler set off a bull’s-eye and grabbed his foot. Jaehwang screamed as a black thunderbolt went through his whole body and...

CRACK!

Jaehwang’s legs were horrifyingly twisted with the sound of bone and muscle breaking in. Ruler, holding on to his leg in silence, threw him straight to the ground like a cannonball.

BAM!

Zaap....

A torrent of black energy clumped into Ruler’s hands. The atmosphere warmed up to reflect the amount of force gathering around it. Soon, it turned into a long window.

“Take this, too!”

Without hesitation, Ruler threw it into the land where Jaehwang was buried. There was no sound at the moment of impact. The amount of pressure that occurred at the moment created a vacuum and swallowed it up. The moment it hit, a huge explosion soared through the sky.

Currrrrr...

Standing in the air, Ruler looked down with an arrogant expression. After the dust had been lifted, what appeared was Jaehwang who fell down and was in a mess.

There was a black hole next to him, indicating that he might have avoided it at the last second, but that alone was serious enough.

The transformation that he achieved through the merge of two gods had also been lifted. His abdomen that was almost healed up was bleeding once more, and his leg was damaged beyond recognition.

“Hahahahaha!”

Ruler grabbed his waist and burst into a frenzy of laughter. Finally, Ruler had defeated the strongest man on Earth. Though he had been in the position of God and the ruler of the Dark Earth for eternity, his essence was that of a war machine that constantly craved war and battle. After a long cry as the winner, he soon breathed a low sigh.

“Whoo, but all the plans have come to naught.” He consumed too much of his own power. Thanks to him using all the energy he had saved for conquering the Earth, he had to go back to the Dark Earth and begin saving his strength again for a while. The battle was won, but its grand meaning was lost. If this was what the earth’s strongest man was aiming for, it would be a success. With his eyes twitching, he raised his hand. “Your prize is, I’ll make sure you cease to exist.”

Again, he pulled out a long window made of black energy and pointed it at Jaehwang, who was crumpled on the ground like tissue. With this one shot, he’s done. It’s time for him to throw his spear without hesitation.

“You don’t think it’s over already, do you?”

Looking as if nothing had happened, Ruler stopped his hand as he watched Jaehwang wriggle up. The wounds on his body were healed as if time had gone backward. Was that all? No, he became more powerful than before.

“You... were hiding your power.”

#2

This was one of the myths that Goongi had.

The power to hide the truth[SS Class]

It’s a myth that Goongi mainly uses when Jaehwang needs to determine the authenticity of other people’s words. Although the SS myth was used as a lie detector, the true ability of this myth was to cover up reality itself. To elaborate it further, it was not simply to deceive the public eye, but to deceive the laws of cause and effect in the world. Of course, its limits were clear. The degree of truth that would be rewritten must still be related to the user just like now.

Ruler was also a god, so he quickly saw what happened to Jaehwang, but he shook up his impression because he knew what it meant.

“What’s your intention?” Ruler stopped his attack.

He didn’t lose the will to fight. Although his opponent recovered by the power of God, he confirmed that Jaehwang’s inner strength had decreased a lot. Ruler had no doubt that it would be his victory in the end, but he had to check out the reality of the nervousness he’s been having throughout this battle.

“What intention?” Jaehwang said, wiping the blood around his mouth at Ruler’s question.

“The reason why you’re dragging out this fight. Don’t tell me you didn’t think I’d be stuck on this planet if the dimension was closed?”

Jaehwang grinned at his words. As much as Ruler knows Jaehwang, Jaehwang knows Ruler as well. Ruler was almost his equal or more in terms of their divinity. Jaehwang was able to grasp with his godly sense that Ruler could leap beyond dimensions. Although it was impossible now because he had consumed a great deal of energy, if the Earth was to be taken by Ruler himself, it would be like releasing a lion among the sheep. Nevertheless, there was another reason why Jaehwang was so slow...

...and there was no reason for him to say it to his enemy.

Words were unnecessary in battle, what matters the most would be who lives and who dies.

“Are you asking for an answer?” Jaehwang slowly took a fighter’s position.

“Do you still think you can beat me?” Ruler said with a smirk.

With that said, Ruler’s hand extended towards Jaehwang. At the same time, the great pressure came down on him! The ground with a radius of five meters sank around where Jaehwang stood.

“I’ve been fighting for thousands of years, and I’ve been absorbing a lot of abilities to the point that I can no longer remember them. The power they had is so much that even I don’t want to remember it... and if I put my mind to it...”

Shooo....

“Ugh...”

Jaehwang knelt down and his hands touched the ground. It’s a humiliating display, but the pressure was just too much to take. Dozens of black arrows were made around Ruler’s body, perhaps it was not enough.

“I can copy whatever I want...”

“Ugh...” Jaehwang swallowed a groan as he floated around Ruler’s body and looked at the arrows aiming at him.

Ruler looked at him with ease and said, “What you’re waiting for was just one of my questions. No, I don’t want to know that anymore.”

Ruler thought he should finish him now. “Just die...”

Ruler, who was about to make a final gesture towards Jaehwang, turned his head and shouted, “Who are you?”

BAM!!!!!

“AWK!”

But he flew away without a final word and was thrown into a hard granite rock.

In an instant, several rocks were smashed and scattered in all directions

“Awk... What the...” Ruler staggered up.

He couldn’t control himself because of the shocking attack he just got. His opponent’s attack was pure physical force without the power of God or man. The problem was that his opponent’s physical force was so powerful that that attack broke through dozens of layers of defense systems around Ruler’s body.

He looked up at the being that beat him and found that there was a girl standing there. With her short silvery short hair, the white-skinned woman looked at him and showed him her slender arms. Ruler could not just imagine how it could produce that amount of strength.

“Who are you!”

At Ruler’s cry, she smiled as she stood Jaehwang, who had fallen to the ground.

“My name is Babel.”

“You think I’m asking that?! How could you exist?!” Ruler shouted.

He studied the earth for a long time, he had a few ways for him to do so. His authority, which went beyond dimensions, collected some information and captured the people who invaded the Dark Earth. There was no way for him to not know her. The presence of such a powerful force came out of nowhere.

“Of course.” Babel nodded.

“What?”

“I’m from Dark Earth.”

“What are you talking about?”

“You think it doesn’t make sense? I don’t think that’s what you should say... I’m so sad that you forgot about me.”

“Babel?”

Ruler noted a word that crossed his mind. It’s a word that is so old that it now exists deep in his memory. But Ruler’s brain, which became clear just by thinking of the word, had figured out the whole situation.

“Wow, was that what you were waiting for? Wow. That’s a good one.” He became unsure of his victory even though he considered using all of his power. The risk was just too high, so he decided to fly straight towards the gate leading back to the Dark Earth. He needed to get his strength back, but...

“Huh...”

He jumped into the translucent expanse of the Dark Earth gate, but his body was still on Earth. Jaehwang, who staggered from his seat as Ruler looked at the gate with confused eyes, said, “I already closed the Gate while I was fighting you.”

Ruler’s eyes widened at Jaehwang’s words. It seemed incredible that he didn’t notice it.

Jaehwang also had a hard time trying to deceive him. It would have been quite embarrassing if Ruler had dug into why the Dark Earth monster didn’t come out of the gate.

“Did you ask me why I was dragging out the time?”

“...” Ruler didn’t open his mouth at Jaehwang’s words. No, he didn’t have to listen to his answer.

Jaehwang took out the Arrow from Infinity Storage and drove it to the ground.

SWOOSH!

The red light that rose from the two objects met the blue and black light that rose from all over the mountain as if it had been waiting for this time to become one.

Woosh...

And from the sky where the three lights were joined, golden westerlies soon began to envelop the mountain.

“I needed a trap to make sure I got your ass. Phew... Baek Lin is a little late.”

“Ugh...”

For a moment, Ruler realized that all the energy that he had been pouring in so far had been broken.

Its main reason was now the golden curtain that surrounded the whole mountain...

The three families that defend the fortress...

An ancient earthquake that fell asleep on Mount Baekdu, which was activated by the power of Martial Arts House, Lord Baek’s Family, and the Dragon Gods House, intensified the millennium and appeared here, beginning to pressure Ruler, the ruler of Dark Earth.

“Nom!!!”

Black energy gushed out of Ruler’s body. The energy was more intense than ever before, but Jaehwang was not afraid. That was just a beast’s struggle to get out of the trap. The myth of the unity of the two gods had resurfaced in Jaehwang’s body. He also intended to deal with Ruler with all his heart and soul from now on.

‘It’s over now.’

‘Yeah.’

‘Let’s cheer up until the end.’

‘Of course! It’s time to pay for what we’ve been through!’

Listening to the energetic voice of Goongi, his eternal half, Jaehwang looked at Ruler. It was now the time to end it all.

“Ha!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 299: Epilogue – 1




#1

‘With the price of 3-tier mana stone soaring in the Mana Stone market in the second half of the year, experts who predicted the trend of the Mana stone market in the first half are perplexed. In addition, the government has introduced a bill to the National Assembly to impose a special tax on medium-sized cars that mainly consume processed 3-tier mana stones...’

‘The 51st Dark Earth Gate opened in Daejeon, Korea, on the 5th. Unlike the common gates of 50 meters or less, this gate is 100 meters tall and can carry more than Tier-8 monsters without processing. In this regard, South Korea’s technology in generating gates...’

‘So here’s the news about Elus’ Su Queen. She has appeared as a cameo in the recent movie “Elus’ Secret Death Squad” and is loved by many people on Earth for her beauty and acting skills that transcend her race. Jeremy, who directed this film, will continue to be Elus’ and Earth’s...’

‘Members of the new government of the 2Xth President of the Republic of Korea are under fire. Dae Yang-seung, who is widely expected to be nominated as the next senior presidential secretary for political affairs, is faced with controversy over the sex trade of minors during his term as a former judge...’

“Fuck it, you bastard...” Dong-cheol’s impression of watching the news on his smartphone was distorted. The president of the opposition party that was elected in the recent presidential elections was a former member of the traditional conservative party.

Despite some blemish in his career, he was a former military general who was leading the military during the invasion of the Dark Earth and became known to the public with a considerable amount of popularity before running for the upcoming presidential election as a candidate representing the opposition.

Although Dong-cheol, who considered that the ruling party and the opposition party were cut from the same clothes, was angry at the fact that a man who was nominated as a senior secretary for political affairs engaged in the sexual trafficking of minors.

“What are you doing all alone, man?”

“Oh, old man! Look at this! How can a politician do such a thing...”

“Well, that son of a bitch.”

“Can’t you go and say something?”

“Why me?”

“You are the former absolute ruler of Invincible Palace, Kwon Je!”

“It’s ‘former’. I! Don’t you know I’m retired?”

“Come on!! Aah... Is it hard for you to come forward because you’re also trying to seduce someone of your grandchild’s age?”

“What the fuck? Someone of a grandchild’s age is over 30! How dare you compare me to such trash! I guess you haven’t been beaten lately...”

“Oh! I’m the father of two children, too!”

The old man, who raised his hand, smacked his lips and shook his head again. Although he was not happy with the recent political situation in Korea, if he opened his mouth for no reason, his current peaceful life will end on the same day. This was an era of stability that was completely beyond the era of barbarism. He’s against breaking the peace.

“Don’t mess with me, son.” Dong-cheol, whose mouth was protruding at the old man’s words, saw an old car pulled out by the old man and said, “What is that rotten car?”

The old man flared up. “You son of a bitch! This is the pride of an old car – it’s Chevrolet Imperial! Do you know how much this is?”

“Geez... no doubt that you really are an old man,” Dong-cheol grumbled and looked at the sky-blue car as the old man patted it. The car, which had a sky blue background with white stripes, was being carefully cleaned. He had no idea how old this relic was.

“But you’re not going to take it, are you?”

“Why? What’s wrong with my Imperial?”

“What are you going to do if that rotten car stops in the middle of nowhere?”

“Why don’t you just take care of the kids if you have time to worry about others! How can you be so immature when you’re already this old?”

“Oh, what did I say wrong? Ah! Why are you trying to hit me again!” Blocking his hair, Dong-cheol tried to make a big fuss about what Kwon Je said, but he kept his mouth shut and looked back at the sound of a woman talking.

“Old man! I’m ready.” Dong-cheol’s wife, Ogura, appeared while holding the hand of a boy about five years old and a smaller girl. It’s obvious from her bulging belly that she’s pregnant for the third time.

“Oh, dear Jae-woo, you came!”

When Jae-woo, the first child of Dong-cheol, appeared, Kwon Je threw out a mop and strode to hug the child. Kwon Je had been living with them for three years. Dong-cheol and his son Jae-woo, who had no other relatives, treated Kwon Jae as their father and grandfather.

Jae-woo shook his head as if he was too annoyed by his grandfather, but Kwon Je was busy poking him while ignoring his small rebellions.

“You smell like an old man!”

“Hahaha! You little bastard!”

Jae-Woo pushes out Kwon Je’s face with his small hand, but Kwon Je was not concerned and was obsessed with Jae-woo’s cuteness.

“But isn’t Irumigoing, too?

“She said that she’s having a hard time with her work these days. Things would still go well even without her presence but...”

“She’s just such a perfectionist.”

Irumi inherited Invincible Palace after Kwon Je. If the invincible Palace led by Kwon Je was an organization of hunters protecting the Republic of Korea in the past, it was now transforming into a global company in the position to collectively manage the gates of each country. Many opposed the monopoly of corporate-managed gates, but all the other existing gates were closed and the emerging gates were artificially generated by the Invincible Palace after the invasion of the Dark Earth, forcing them to shut their mouths to repair or maintain the future gates.

It might be seen as a tyranny of companies with proprietary technology, but there had been no major conflict as Irumi’s corporate management policy, which moves for the common good of everyone around the world and the G20 powers on her side.

“What about Mr. Baeklin?”

“He went to Japan two days ago.” It was Dong-cheol who answered her question.

It was awkward when they first met, but after a few years, Baeklin and Dong-cheol became friends. Of course, Baeklin was much older, but he did not have any difficulty approaching Baeklin because he originally had a morbid dislike of being called by his age along with his hobby of being a maniac.

“Why Japan?”

“To go to the comic market or something with Ms. Babel...”

Dong-cheol shook his head as if he didn’t want to think anymore. Dong-cheol was not happy to see that Bakelin, as the head of the Invincible Palace’s first attack squad, was wasting his long-cherished ability every day. Of course, he could not force him to do a hunting mission because he was a vital force in the making of the gates, but Ms. Babel’s ability would be enough to handle all the necessities even if the entire 1st squad were to go on a vacation for a month. In addition, she could control the Babel Tower, the one that spearheaded mankind’s attack on the Dark Earth.

Although it’s true that they were the main players who prevented Earth from getting invaded, they’ve spent a few years playing around that Dong-cheol, who was serving as the captain of the Invincible Palace’s 1st attack squad and the invincible warrior, was getting frustrated by them. It’s such a waste of manpower. To put it bluntly, he envies them. He wanted to give up everything right away and to play around with the money he had earned, but he knew that his retirement was still a long way off as long as the old man, who was now holding his son behind him, was alive.

“Did you contact Jaehwang?”

“How can I reach him? You know where he is. All we can do is to go there and hope we find him.”

“True...” Kwon Je nodded in response to Dong-cheol.

The place where Jaehwang stayed was cut off from the world, a place where it’s almost hard for them to reach unless Jaehwang contacted them first. In the past, he’s been in regular contact once a month or so, but they haven’t heard from him since about a year ago when he said his ‘wife’ was about to give birth.

It was a shame, but without him, the Earth would have been occupied by the monsters of the Dark Earth by now. He saved mankind, so he was a savior to Kwon Je as well. So, they have to go and see them themselves.

“Let’s go.”

“Yeah.”

#2

“The air is always clear here.”

“It’s the ‘Holy Land’ after all.” Dong-cheol, who was climbing Mt. Goongi with them, took a deep breath and answered Kwon Je. His wife, who was an ordinary pregnant woman, was in his arms while Kwon Je carried his two sons.

“It can’t be a holy land. The trail goes up to the middle of the mountain.” Kwon Je pouted his lips as he glanced at the path he had just walked. Kwon Je didn’t like all of it. “Jaehwang is the owner of this mountain and because he said it was okay, people sneaked in.”

“Ha! Even if that’s true, how could they do this to him?”

This was the land of the Master Archer, the savior of mankind, who blocked all the Dark Earth gates and wiped out Ruler, the ruler of Dark Earth.

“He’s completely cut off from the world and doesn’t tell the public whether he’s alive or dead in the mountains, so the people are slowly forgetting him. And since Jaehwang gave some permission as the person in charge, I had to stay shut.”

“I don’t like it.”

“I know, but what can I do?”

If it weren’t for Jaehwang, Kwon Je would have stood up and defended this mountain.

It was incomprehensible that the people would not follow Jaehwang’s words while they would not even worship the existence of a God that saved humanity.

“Whoa, I wonder how much he’s changed.”

“Yeah.”

The welfare district built by Jaehwang had expanded further and was now almost the size of a medium-sized city. Outside the welfare district, the city was continuing to expand in size, and standing tall in the middle of it would be the Goongi Mountain, where Jaehwang came from. It used to be an off-limits area, but Jaehwang opened the mountain as a track. Even though it’s an off-limits area, the mountain was located right next to where people lived, so it was inevitable for some people to step on their feet unknowingly and get dirty. That’s why Jaehwang donated some of the mountain to the city and declared only its peak to be restricted from the public.

Of course, Jaehwang did not simply do this through words. As time went by, there were people who wanted to secretly climb Mt. Goongi again, hoping to meet the Master Archer, known to be the strongest in the world and the strongest in the ranks of God. No matter how tall their fences were, they kept trying to see if they could find their way in but of course, they failed. The frightening hallucinations that appeared at the moment they stepped inside drove them away. The hallucinations, strong or weak, were fair. Everything about Mt. Goongi ruled them out.

Only then did the people recognize this area as a sacred place. As expected, a human being only listens once a lesson was learned.

Creak...

Standing in front of the fence’s only entrance, Dong-cheol took the antique key out of his arms and opened the lock on the door. Only those who had this key were entitled to access the area and that’s Kwon Je and Irumi. As soon as they entered the Holy Land and started climbing the mountain, it slowly started to get foggy. At the same time, the way they walked on had also become flat. This could never happen in Goongi Mountain, which boasts its steep mountain range. Dong-cheol’s wife and two children also got off from them and started walking.

“The path has changed in a strange way than it was before.”

“I see and...” Kwon Je, who was walking with their children on his side, said, “I think someone is watching you, but it’s a strange wave. And there’s more than one or two.”

These beings were hard to sense even for Kwon Je, a Tier-9 hunter.

“Is that so?” Dong-cheol tilted his head at Kwon Je’s words. Because this was Jaehwang’s territory, no one could exist without his permission. It was incomprehensible that such people were watching them secretly because they would know someone of such power.

“We’ll see once we get there.”

“Yes.”

After about 10 minutes, a huge gate appeared through the fog. There, Dong-cheol tried to call for Jaehwang with his voice sweeping through the huge goblin patterned gate.

The door creaked open and a figure peeked out.

“Who’s there?”

“...”

Dong-cheol’s group briefly forgot to speak when they saw the person who appeared.

It was because she was such a beautiful young girl, let alone a character they have never seen before. Her breathtaking beauty made Dong-cheol’s face flush red.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 300: Epilogue – 2




#1

“Well, is there happen to be... Martial Arts House... no, I mean... a man named Jaehwang...”

“Dad, guest!”

As soon as Dong-cheol mentioned Jaehwang’s name, the girl shouted out loud inside the gate and disappeared. He felt like there was something wrong with that she said.

“Dad?”

“Dad!?”

Everyone was dumbfounded when a girl who looked over 15 called Jaehwang as her father. Dong-cheol was the most surprised among them. He tried to ask something more, but the girl disappeared and when he saw Jaehwang, who showed up, opening the gate a few minutes later, he opened his eyes wide at the changed look of Jaehwang.

“So Dong-cheol is here?”

“You... What happened?”

He recognized that it was Jaehwang who appeared because it was in his memory. The problem was that Jaehwang, who was now in front of his eyes, was too young. He was not just young, but he was also short, and he had a babyface. It’s like seeing Jaehwang from the past.

“What?”

“Why are you... You’ve become so... young. Um...”

Looking at Dong-cheol’s expression that explained his speechlessness, Jaehwang briefly touched his face and answered him with a kick.

“My wife has changed her taste these days...”

“What? What’s that...”

“It’s a bit complicated, come on in anyway. Is your grandfather here? It’s been a while since we last met... You must be Jaewoo and you’re... Well... who is this?”

“It’s Soo-Ah. She wasn’t born when you entered the mountain.”

“Oh, I see, come on in for now.”

He saw a spacious yard that seemed more of a playground when he opened the gate. As he crossed a yard with broad granite, the plaque was revealed in the fog. Jaehwang led the party to the largest of them after Jaehwang gave Kwon Je a nod.

“I’m sorry I haven’t been able to visit you in the meantime.”

“No, it’s fine. By the way, where is she?”

She was the wife of Jaehwang so she would be thought of as a daughter-in-law, Kwon Je spoke up to Goongi because she had lived for thousands of years.

“She took the kids out for a while. I’ve called her, so she’ll be back soon.”

“Kids?” It was Dong-cheol who tried to ask something about Jaehwang’s answer, but his mouth was blocked by a girl who came in with the door open. It is the girl who greeted them at the entrance.

“Dad, here are some refreshments for your guests.” The girl stepped inside with a table of fruits and tea.

When she put down the table, Jaehwang said to the girl, “Na-yeon, come here. These guys...”

Jaehwang introduced her one by one to those who sat and stared blankly at her. It’s a natural conversation between a daughter and a father, but it’s a bit strange that there seems to be not much of an age difference between Jaehwang and the girl.

“Hello. My first name is Chun Na-yeon.”

As she bowed politely, Dong-cheol, who had been holding back his curiosity for a while, asked Jaehwang, “Jaehwang, what happened?”

“What?”

“Well, I mean...” Dong-cheol, who had looked at Jaehwang and then Nayeon, soon cleared up the questions that soared in his head and asked in a slightly lower voice. “No, I thought you said your wife was giving birth last year... and this lady calls you Dad...”

“That’s right, she’s my daughter.”

“What, how old is she?”

“One-year-old.”

“Huh?”

“She’s one year old... something wrong?”

“No... but...”

Jaehwang answered like nothing was. Knowing who Jaehwang’s wife was and that Jaehwang was beyond human limitations, they couldn’t say much even if this situation was as bizarre as this young lady calling him “dad.”

There was a moment of silence between the party, they took their time to understand what was happening.

Then, the door rumbled.

WHACK!

Na-yeon, the first one, opened the door with caution, and...

Rumbling...

“Dad!”

“Dad!”

The five girls who rushed in were hugged by Jaehwang.

“Dad, mom hit Da-eun today! Da-eun was hurt!”

“Dad! Dad! I caught this today! Look! It looks delicious, doesn’t it?

“Dad! I learned this from mom!”

“Dad! I don’t want to go out with my mom anymore! I want to play with my dad! Play, play!”

The party was silenced by the noisy girls surrounding Jaehwang. Dong-cheol’s sons and daughters, Jae-woo and Soo-Ah, with their eyes wide open in their mother’s arms, stared at the pitiful rabbit that one of the girls believed to have caught.

“Doo-ri, Seri, Da-eun, Joo-hong, and Nam-mi! First, you girls say hello to dad’s guests.” While Jaehwang spoke to them with a heavy face, the girls didn’t take notice of what he said. Jaehwang’s charisma, which used to make the earth vibrate in the past, was useless here.

“Everybody out!”

Then, as the voice of a woman with dignity rang loudly outside the door, the girls clinging to Jaehwang rumbled out as if they had never done so. There came the silence, and it felt like a herd of cattle was suddenly driven out of the room.

Then, a moment later, a woman came in, dressed in a modest hanbok. The woman was, of course, Goongi, the one and only half of Jaehwang.

“It’s been a long time.”

Goongi, with her head, bowed modestly; she didn’t change that much. When she came in and greeted them lightly, the party began to talk in earnest. The ones mainly speaking were Dong-cheol and Kwon Je, and the couple was almost ignorant of the outside news. Soon, however, everyone began to talk happily.

They were like the family of Jaehwang.

“You look tired.”

“No,” said Jaehwang, shrugging at Kwon Je’s words.

.

“He and I are very busy with kids these days.”

“I can see that.”

It’s not yet clear in his head, but it’s hard not to believe seeing the girls who are the size of horses cling to Jaehwang and call him as their father.

“But they’re all...a year old?”

Jaehwang nodded at Dong-cheol’s question. “Well, I said I wanted to make the house crowded, my wife had a hard time with that too...”

“Really?” It was Dong-cheol who thought that God was obviously different.

“But they’re one year old and they’re all so...” Dong-cheol blurted out the latter words. It’s hard to say to a group of one-year-olds that they looked precocious.

“Even though they look so big, they don’t really know much yet.”

“Well...yes. You must have had a hard time.” Dong-cheol, looking at Goongi and Jaehwang’s faces, shook his head. Seven one-year-old girls like that... the reason why Jaehwang had not been able to appear in the world, he could now understand what happened.

But that was Dong-cheol’s misunderstanding. If it were only seven, Jaehwang or Goongi would not have suffered so much.

CRACK! Qua-bam!

They heard a crack outside the door. As everyone was silent and blinking at the sound, Jaehwang and Goongi looked at each other with a low sigh.

“Shall I?”

“No, I’ll go. Let me take care of these guys. Excuse me for a while...”

When Goongi, who bowed her head in a calm manner, rose from her seat, closed the door softly, and disappeared, the curious guests all looked out of the door. And at the moment... with everyone’s mouth wide open, they stared blankly at the great scuffle unfolding in the middle of the playground.

There were twelve boys who looked like Jaehwang and a dozen girls who look like Goongi in a tangled battle. Interestingly, no one said anything. It’s literally a silent scuffle. Moreover, it wasn’t an ordinary scuffle, they were exchanging blows quite extraordinarily.

One boy, in particular, was using Kwon Je’s invincible skill, and when he saw it, Kwon Je’s eyes expanded to such an extent that they couldn’t get any bigger. That boy was so perfect and so natural. He showed a great sense of maturity that only the great masters who have learned from himself for decades could show.

“Everybody! Stop moving!”

When Goongi, who rolled up her arms and shouted with her voice that seemed it could shatter a mountain, everyone in the fight stopped as if time had been frozen.

A look of fear crept up in their faces.

“Uh...Mom...”

“Mommy...”

“Line up!”

STOMP STOMP!

Everyone who was fighting at her shout flew like lightning and gathered in two rows before her. The first seat was empty, and the first one, Na-yeon, popped up in the air and sat down lightly.

Goongi, whose eyes were burning with anger, looked at her. Although she pretended to behave well for being born a few seconds earlier than others, she’s also a tough nut.

“Na-Yeon! Tell me what happened.”

Goongi asked her first, but the answer came from somewhere else. A girl with tangled hair standing in the front row shouted while waving a bloody thing in her hands. Her face was red as if she couldn’t contain her anger.

“The boys tried to take the rabbit!”

“Who!”

“Du-ri!”

At her snitch, the boy named Duri shouted, “It’s because you’re teasing me! You went on a picnic with mom without us!”

“That’s because you guys fought amongst yourselves and you were grounded!”

“You! Damn it!”

“Huh! I’m going to tell mom what you guys were doing out of the house earlier, sneaking a peek at the guests!”

COMMENT

“Yay! Hit her!”

“Mom! Look at that! Argh!”

Everything turned into a mess.

With her hand on her forehead as if her head was tingling, Goongi shook her head and shouted, “Everybody, be quiet! You’re not going to cry! And you, Duri!”

When Goongi was about to start a one-time speech, Dong-cheol asked Jaehwang who stood behind her, “They’re also... all one-year-olds?”

“Yes.”

“How many of them...?”

“Twenty... Seven...”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 301: Epilogue – 3. THE END.




#1

He felt sorry for Jaehwang’s calm and desolate voice.

“Huh...”

Dong-cheol looked at Jaehwang with surprise and sympathy, considering that he’s already being overwhelmed by two kids. Now, their legs were so tense that they’re getting into trouble every day. He’s getting a headache every single day, and there were twenty-seven of them in this house.

Looking closely, he could see dark circles around Jaehwang’s eyes. Jaehwang, who faced tens and millions of monsters alone, didn’t change his face at all but now, he seemed to have surrendered to that noisy army of kids.

It’s fortunate that Goongi came forward and took the lead and disciplined them.

“It must have been hard.”

“Whoa... don’t even talk about it.”

When Dong-cheol and Jaehwang were sharing their feelings for each other, Kwon Je couldn’t take his eyes off the boy who was using the invincible skill a little while ago. He only saw a couple of movements, but as the founder of invincible rights, the kid took the perfect action.

Besides, he was said to be only one year old. That meant that he’s trained for less than a year. Greed for a talented kid flamed around his eyes.

“Jaehwang.”

“Yes, grandpa.”

“May I... may I live here?”

“What?” Jaehwang leaned his head at the sudden suggestion of Kwon Je.

“No, I mean... there are so many kids that there are not enough adults to teach them manners... Hmm... If I take care of the kids, you or your wife could rest...” Read more chapters at L isnovel

“Well, it’s going to be hard. In many ways...” Jaehwang, who read Kwon Je’s mind, shook his head and answered. His greed for talent had been well known since Jaehwang was a four-star hunter but no matter how powerful the top three in the world were, the impossible existed. Of course, Jaehwang would love some help but no matter how hard Kwon Je tries, it would be hard for him to control those kids.

“It’s hard... but they’re only children.” Jaehwang swallowed a bitter smile at Kwon Je’s answer.

“Only children...”

At Kwon Je’s words “only children”, Jaehwang had a quick flashback of the past year.

It was really good at first. Although she skipped all the childbirths and childcare that he heard about, Goongi’s belly went from a ball to normal and the adorable toddlers came crawling to him.

But that ended in just three days...

The twenty-seven plagues, who had been walking around as soon as they were born, began to fly and destroy the whole house on the third day. The buildings of the Martial Arts House Goongi and Jaehwang had rebuilt fell flat after a day in the chaos of that disaster. Well, that was pretty good too, but still, it was the fruit of love between him and Goongi.

After a month, that idea was wiped out. The speed of their children’s learning was terrifying. They began dividing themselves according to their genders and began to fight fiercely with the martial arts they had secretly learned from Jaehwang and Goongi. The couple had long forgotten how the days went by.

After half a year or so, they gradually became calm after being forced by Goongi. Maybe if Goongi or himself left the house for a day, they would show off their true colors right away.

Now, Goongi and himself could control it, but what about two years and three years from now?

He was sure that Kwon Je will run away – well, would he be able to run away?

“I have one more thing to discuss.” Jaehwang changed the conversation, trying to stop Kwon Je’s reckless challenge.

“What is it?”

Jaehwang nodded slightly at Kwon Je’s reply and a moment later, the two entered a small building behind the Martial Arts House. Unlike the other buildings in the Martial Arts House, it had a stone fence that separated its interior from the outside.

Stepping into the fence, Kwon Je suddenly stopped in a sensation of horror. “What is this?”

Jaehwang answered Kwon Je’s question with a nod. “This is Ruler.”

“What?”

Kwon Je stepped back in dismay at Jaehwang’s answer, he knew how the world shook when Jaehwang fought Ruler. Later, Jaehwang said that without the help of his best friend, Babel, and Baeklin, it would have been hard to win the final battle, but he said that Ruler was here.

“Why is it...”

“His body was killed, but his essence was of a god... Goongi said that a being in the ranks of God... she said that we cannot destroy him by simply killing his body. Goongi and I gathered his divinity and sealed it here because she said it could be revived if it was mixed in with the earth’s reincarnation ring.”

“I see.”

“Yes, that’s one of the reasons why I couldn’t get on with the world. The problem was that his divinity is getting stronger again. You recently opened a new Dark Earth gate, right?”

“Yes.”

When Kwon Je nodded, Jaehwang, touching the inscriptions of the seals carved on the rocks blocking the entrance of the building, said, “I’ve also told Irumi this before, but as the number of Dark Earth gates grows, the risk of Ruler being revived increases.”

Gate... the exit to this world... It was now their only way to acquire the status of Mana Stone, which leads to the world’s development. It’s an endless source of clean energy that couldn’t be left out in life. Kwon Je shook his head at the thought of announcing Ruler’s existence once again.

There was an alternative called Elus, but Elus was more set in harmony than conquest. Recent experts said that reckless Monster Raids could have an adverse effect on Elus. That’s why they’re working with the Dark Earth gates but then, it increases Ruler’s chances of being revived as well.

“Is there no other way?” Even the energy he felt outside the building was terrifying.

“I don’t know when, but I’m going to find a medium with my wife to seal this guy.”

“Who would that be?”

“Well,” Jaehwang replied with a bitter smile to Kwon Je’s question.

To be honest, there was none. They’ve identified nothing on Earth, Dark Earth, and Elus that could do the job. After studying with Goongi, he came up with one thing that could be used as a medium of the seal, but it’s hard to get it out of his mouth. That’s why he had to find it no matter how long it takes.

“If we go on like this, we’re going to face him once more. I’m going to stop that.”

Kwon Je answered Jaehwang’s remark with a low sigh. “I am ashamed.”

Kwon Je told himself that it’s over now and was having a comfortable retirement. He was now ashamed of himself – his grandson was still sacrificing himself to protect the Earth. His war was just beginning. No, it will be a more lonely war than before. Maybe then he should fight the Earth, not the outer dimensions because those greedy humans would never let go of the Mana Stones. They would not realize how foolish they were until they were at the brink of destruction.

“Let’s go. There’s more to talk about.”

“Yeah...”

-THE END

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





